Sarasota, India, 24 June 2015 (Xinhua) -- The global research team at the University of India is working to develop a new standard for mobile phones, which would allow all users to control the navigation of their own mobile device without any external components and within a few weeks, they will be able to take their mobile devices to the streets, and transmit the information, a method that would make it easy for people to solve transportation issues in the future. The research team would like to make use of the concept of "social devices" to detect the social needs of the user, which would be able to detect any social activity. The concept of "social devices" would be a new type of mobile device, that would be able to provide the user with a unique transportation. The concept of "social devices" is a concept about which the user can use to monitor the state of their mobile devices and their status and location in the city. The concept of "social devices" is based on the concept of "social vehicle" and the concept of "social transport device". The concept of "social transport device" is based on the concept of "social transport device" that is used to transport people in the city. The concept of "social transport device" is based on the concept of "social transport device" that is used to transport people in the city. The concept of "social transport device" uses the concept of "social transport device" that is used to transport people in the city. The concept of "social transportation device" used to transport people in the city. The concept of "social transport device" uses the concept of "social transport device" that is used to transport people in the city. The concept of "social transport device" uses the concept of "social transport device" that is used to transport people in the city. The concept of "social transport device" uses the concept of "social transport device" that is used to transport people in the city. The concept of "social transport device" uses the concept of "social transport device" that is used to transport people in the city. The concept of "social transport device" uses the concept of "social transport device" that is used to transport people in the city. The concept of "social transport device" uses the concept of "social transport device" that is used to transport people in the city. The concept of "social transport device" uses the concept of "social transport device" that is used to transport people in the city. The concept of "social transport device" uses the concept of "social transport device" that is used to transport people in the city. The concept of "social transport device" uses the concept of "social transport device" that is used to transport people in the city. The concept of "social transport device" uses the concept of "social transport device" that is used to transport people in the city. The concept of "social transport device" uses the concept of "social transport device" that is used to transport people in the city. The concept of "social transport device" uses the concept of "social transport device" that is used to transport people in the city. The concept of "social transport device" uses the concept of "social transport device" that is used to transport people in the city. The concept of "social transport device" uses the concept of "social transport device" that is used to transport people in the city. The concept of "social transport device" uses the concept of "social transport device" that is used to transport people in the city. The concept of "social transport device" uses the concept of "social transport device" that is used to transport people in the city. The concept of "social transport device" uses the concept of "social transport device" that is used to transport people in the city. The concept of "social transport device" uses the concept of "social transport device" that is used to transport people in the city. The concept of "social transport device" uses the concept of "social transport device" that is used to transport people in the city. The concept of "social transport device" uses the concept of "social transport device" that is used to transport people in the city. The concept of "social transport device" uses the concept of "social transport device" that is used to transport people in the city. The concept of "social transport device" uses the concept of "social transport device" that is used to transport people in the city. The concept of "social transport device" uses the concept of "social transport device" that is used to transport people in the city. The concept of "social transport device" uses the concept of "social transport device" that is used to transport people in the city. The concept of "social transport device" uses the concept of "social transport device" that is used to transport people in the city. The concept of "social transport device" uses the concept of "social transport device" that is used to transport people in the city. The concept
