The modules that I made when started working properly gave me the biggest sense of accomplishment. I used various students of my college for testing purpose, and they were  
  
 Unique solution that brings all parking stakeholders on one platform to collectively achieve their targets.Distinguished philosophy and approach of motivating citizens to participate and foster culture of parking discipline in the city 
  
 We have mastered the Atlassian SDK and it helped us do some improvements on our own API. 
 We don't have enough time 
 The modules that I made when started working properly gave me the biggest sense of accomplishment. I used various students of my college for testing purpose, and they were  
  
 Unique solution that brings all parking stakeholders on one platform to collectively achieve their targets.Distinguished philosophy and approach of motivating citizens to participate and foster culture of parking discipline in the city 
  
 We have mastered the Atlassian SDK and it helped us do some improvements on our own API. 
 We don't have enough time 
 We were able to finish up initial MVP version1 of Maasto-101. we were able to overcome the challenges of transmitting data over BLE using trial and error mechanism of various different BLE libraries, visualizing the data taken from 6-axis gyroscope and accelerometer onto a 3D Plotly graph.Maasto-101 version1 will be tested in real scenarios with upgraded toy car for a further reliability of the model.This gives us a boost and confidence to develop the version2 of Maasto-101 which involves high capacity Drone with data analysis on potholes captured.We hope that sharing those statistics with government will help them to improve the current street conditions and give a better living to the people around the region. Improvement in the street conditions will reduce the maintenance cost of goods supplier vehicles and frequent travelers.We are proud of ourselves that we were able to contribute to our society with this innovation and a very big Thanks!!! to Intel Technologies by conducting such a hackathon. This motivates geeks to keep innovating. Rock on Intel!!!. 
 Atleast for the given dataset, we were able to attain an accuracy of close to 96% by a simple model using TensorFlow. 
  
 Accuracy of above 92% 
  
 It is a unique solution that allows users to edit visuals within Confluence, both on the Confluence Server and Cloud.  
 We are glad that the application made it through almost all the tests, from sending the request until having it accepted by a driver. The minimal bugs reported during the testing phase are to be fixed and patched in ChedliTaxi V2.What's next for ChedliTaxiActually, clients will fall in love with ChedliTaxi if there is a big number of drivers using it as well. The client would ideally use the application to find available taxis instantly. Therefore, the next phase is application marketing; we need to have as many drivers and clients using the application. Concerning the future of the application development, as mentioned previously, we will be accordingly releasing patches to bugs discovered by users.Built Withandroidandroid-studiogoogle-mapsjavamysqlphp      Submitted to    Ford Code for Taxicabs Mobility ChallengeWinner                Third Prize              Winner                Popular Choice                  Created by  I took care of coding the application after my teammate and I have made the software design together. The UI design was done by my teammate Ali Hammouda.Mohammed Bakr SikalAfter doing the software design with my teammate, I took care of preparing all the UI related assets and activities' designs. The coding of the application was done by teammate Mohammed Bakr Sikal.Ali Hammouda 
  
 Within the time bound we are able complete a functional prototype of the idea conceived by us and we successfully incorporated the Intel Curie Chip for our project 
  
  
 I have integrated various amazon cloud services namely Lambda, Cognito, DynamoDB, S3 in SWIFT on iOS10. 
 All of us were new to Javascript so we all picked up a new language this weekend. We are proud that we could successfully web scrape Facebook which uses a lot of techniques to prevent people from doing so. Finally, the flawless integration we were able to create between these different services really made us feel accomplished. 
 Getting my first app ready for Flir was best thing for me as I am new and trying to adapt and know more it was a good learning experience to get a hands on experience with android studio 
  
 Traffeed helps in reducing the communication gap between the general pubic and the traffic police department, as an application is an much easier way to publish updates about the path obstructions that can not possibly be predicted and printed in the newspaper a day before. What's next for TraffeedWill be trying to reach more people by updating in different language too along with added features like custom search and sort , push notifications and would advance to a social platform in further updates.Built Withangular.jsangularfirecssfirebasegithubgoogle-mapshtmlionic-2javascriptscsstypescriptTry it outbuild.phonegap.commohitkh7.github.iogithub.com      Submitted to    Hack and Roll Indore    Created by  I Worked on App & Website Development.I implemented the UI designed by team mates. Mohit KhandelwalI worked on the video and also wrote the content (feeds,alerts etc)for the app.Vasundhara  TrivediI worked on the app video.Yashwini  NathwaniI worked on the design of the app as well as the content describing it.chhavi sharmaAkshita KanojiaAshita SaxenaAnjali Chourey 
  
 We think our Metrics module is one of the best in the JIRA eco-system. The native synchronization works like a charm and allows us to provide superb user experience while enabling users to access and report on native JIRA issues.What's next for Cycle ControlWe are actively working on integrating Risk factors and Trends.Dependencies and integration between Releases is the next big module.Built Withemfjavajavascriptjirajira-sdkvisjsTry it outmarketplace.atlassian.com      Submitted to    Atlassian Codegeist: Add-on Hackathon    Created by  I worked on the product concept, UX and backlogPeter ToudjarskiDesigned and implemented large parts of the front-end and the backend of the product.Boris GeorgievI enjoyed testing Cycle Control and providing beta. I worked on the product native integration Boyan BatchvarovI worked on the backed - data model, permissions, status report, JIRA native integration. Also wrote a ton of functional and integration tests :)George DinkovI worked on the backend of the productPetar AtanasovI worked on the overall product architecture and design concepts. Researched and implemented large portions of the backend.Petar PetrovDesigned and implemented large parts of the front-end of the product.Petar GeshevWorked on the native integration and tested the product (and enjoyed it).Simeon Iliev 
 This is first machine learning task i have perform for practical purpose. I am happy with the result it is showing and making Indore more smarter by using existing hardware infrastructure it has like cctv, speakers. 
  
 We were able to bring together multiple capabilities which can be used to promote safety for pedestrians, bicyclists, and motor vehicles. Our System is fairly modular and gives us options to easily improve and expand the system with Notification in promoting usage of Public Transport resulting in reduction of air pollution, reduce fatal Accident Rate, finding closest public toilet to promote cleanliness and provide Real time Information.** 
  
  
 I am very proud of Make & Get Jobs. It was my hardwork and dedication that allowed me to face all the challenges and make this usefull tool for my community as well as the world. In the process I learned a lot about the character of my patience as I could not figure out the details of the app and spent over 20 hours. I had two options: quit or keep going. I am proud that I chose the latter one. 
 We are proud to learn and complete implementing all the modules and functionalities that we wished to add for the first iteration of this project. We later added various other functionalities during the interval of the latest Hackathon.What's next for Network management console panelWe plan to improve the UI even more. There are a few known bugs that need to be taken care of, which we weren't able to do in the hackathon time phase.Built Withcsshtmlphpshell      Submitted to    Make School's Student App Competition 2017Winner                Popular Vote               Winner                10 Upvote Prize              MHacks NanoWinner                All Submissions                  Created by  Mashrin SrivastavaSaumya Suvarna 
  
 How time flies. We finally finished a great job for the APP and demo version of this pioneer "4G Traffic Transformer " with first 4G OBU that we developed and the Big Data online applications. 
  
 All the models have good accuracy and can enhance further if more diverse data is present.What's next for Machine learning modelsTo improve the model accuracy by collecting customer satisfaction reviews and the data generated by the customers after integrating with PowerUp may even be used for further training the model using that data for better performance.Built WithpythontensorflowTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    Power Up Automation    Created by  Mashrin SrivastavaSaumya Suvarna 
 We think HYFY is the simplest way to record your screen and voice.  Our design has been through dozens of iterations and real-world tests with our distributed teams.  Now we think it's ready to be used by teams all over the world.  We're also the only screen recorder on the market that integrates deeply with HipChat and JIRA. 
  
 The final report fetches all the details as desired by the user. 
 We were able to put together a fully integrated and functional solution in a short span of time. The scaled down model works as an excellent device to test how the solution could potentially function (or malfunction) in a real life scenario. Our ability to integrate the solution Azure IoT Hub end to end provided us the chance of using several components of Azure which made the back end integration reasonable seamless and simple for us. The client integration with Azure IoT Hub from Raspberry Pi can boast of being reasonably scalable and seamless. 
 Creating a working Augmented Reality mobile app that is connected to location services, using several different APIs. 
 We are proud of how we all pulled together as a team, created and tested a working prototype literally from scratch in the short time span. We are proud about all that we have learned in the process and all those late nights of brainstorming which we managed without much caffeine. Sure, there is ample scope for improvements, but the best part is that it proved to us that everything we have thought about and envisioned is definitely possible!  
 We've made the integration between desktop application and Confluence Server/Data Center just in a couple of days! 
  
 It works perfectly fine on gmailWhat's next for Downloading Attachment from EmailYou need to enter the email address, password and folder path where you want to download the attachement.Built WithuipathTry it outdrive.google.com      Submitted to    Power Up Automation    Created by  I contributed in the capacity of development of the snippet.Sachin BhataleI developed Snippets for Gmail and Outlook attachments download using UiPathPratik Hase 
 Using Machine Learning I was able to train datasets using Linear Regression 
 Pulling it all off! There was a considerable amount of effort put into this project. To start with, we had to run models and simulations to properly understand and address the fine details of the Taipei-Yilan congestion issue. From there we brainstormed ways to tailor our approach to this unique problem, and once we’d refined our solution the real work began. Plenty of programming and reprogramming (and reprogramming) have gone into this effort. 
 Cool looking GUI in AndroidFinding creative solutions for motor weight, circuit mount, etc.Sticking through with our idea no matter the difficulties 
 My Office Cellphone will change a user's perspective of emails. Emails can now be seen as they should have been seen: Electronic Mails which should be accessible through electronic devices (Landline phones inclusive), not Internet Mails (just for PCs and smartphones) as they have been. 
 It segregates the PDFs files with 100% accuracy 
  
 A functional prototype that receives information from immigrant and transforms to usable documentation for work, housing, mentors and community. 
 I was able to build my own image recognition system or AI using Microsoft Custom VisionBeing able to export the trained modelBeing able to import this model into Android studio for further developmentFinally able to fully develop the application as a means of deploying the trained Model for malaria cells detection. 
 Making it live and getting on playstore. Also submitting into the competition. 
 TouchWizards was our second game .The feedback we had from our first game really helped shape this game and avoid past mistakes . When we started working on the single player mode , we had no idea how the enemy should react . We had to imitate the player movements and actions and try to take each scenario into consideration.This game paved our road into the world of artificial intelligence .  
 We made an excellent work in few days using people quality knowing our limitations.We are friends now!We start to build the tech network in CanadaCanada companies relationship 
 I have successfully created an Alexa skill that makes it easier for me and my team (and hopefully many others) to perform a daily task and gain useful information from it. 
  
 We're proud of our ability to have a quick turn around on a smaller project that we felt was useful for the streaming community while still focusing on our larger projects.  
 It was a nice challenge to use React Native for the first time and to create an app both for Android and iOS. It was unlike anything we have ever used before since none of us have tried creating a mobile app before. 
 Being able to successfully complete a working application in the given 24 hours is itself an accomplishment that we are proud of. On top of that, we were all using API's that we haven't used before as well as foreign coding languages and functions. We were able to efficiently learn what was necessary and help each other out to accomplish the final goal. 
  
  
  
 Training a custom-built artificial neural network with custom-made data-sets, all in less than 36 hours! WixCode integration for our front-end. 
 Been the first ever to introduce WebVR and 360 videos and images to the Twitch community. 
  
  
  
  
 Great user experienceSeemless Integration with native android contactGorgeous user interface 
 It helps making something you always want to make and helps in developing my confidence more and more and passionate to continue doing quality work  
 I am proud of developing my first Facebook Messenger bot. I never thought that this application can help a lot of person who are struggling in Math and can simplify the way to check an answer. 
 We managed to hook up the hardware with the camera and OLED screen, brought up a dashboard, and integrated deep learning techniques to perform image recognition within this time-boxed hackathon, including a short nap. 
 Developing a full MVP alone, without assistance from other developers. 
 The Lumos device that connects to the Genset is significantly cheaper than similar solutions available. Our ability to work through inaccurate documentation of controller manufacturers allowed us to make the solution compatible with most of the Digisets in operation in india. 
  
  
 This idea was born from our own need to save time spent on the Shopping floor and make the grocery management at home a seamless automated process. We were able to successfully build an end to end prototype which was very encouraging. We truly believe solutions like this housed on platforms like AWS is what the next generation is going to leverage for their grocery management. 
 I am actually really happy i could build something quite complex this easy using Microsoft cognitive service APIs. This hackathon pushed me in achieving this, and it wasn't so difficult.What's next for emoCamemoCam is at a prototype stage and i plan to push it into production stage. I would like to see emoCam impact people's businesses. Built Withazurecognitivefacepythonsdkfaceapimicrosoftlifecamopencvpowerbipythonraspberry-piraspbianstretchsqlTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    Microsoft Azure AI HackathonWinner                Popular Choice Awards (top 5 in public voting)                  Created by  Clement DikeI am a hardware hacker, maker, and I love AI....... 
 It looks awesome, and it is a lot of fun to use. 
  
 The same project can be implemented for water monitoring of lakes. As we live in city of lakes-Udaipur (The Venice of the east) which is listed in worlds top 15 tourist destination. Soon we are going to demonstrate this system to Municipality of the city for its approval.   Testing at Different Lakes of UdaipurTesting at Goverdhan Sagar Testing at Doddh Talai Lake Udaipur Testing at Pichola Lake Testing Setup Testing Setup  
  
 I finally learned app development and i think this app is really useful. 
  
 The most exciting moment was receiving the first email from stratejos telling me one of my tasks was overdue. Viewing an advanced project dashboard that showed me the risks and missing information alongside the effort, cost and timeline of the project. In the past, to get this deep level of understanding I would have had to speak with several people.Receiving my first HipChat message telling me I didn't have enough to do in an upcoming sprint.  
 If we can help people to find the easiest way to move in the city, and people find CITYSCOPE as a useful tool to day to day. 
 We created a MVP using new technologies, in mobile mult iplatforms (Android & IOs), accomplishing this challenge in a 48 hours range, managing documentation, video and presentation, and of course coding, was really amazing. 
 At the very beginning of the PowAgri development process, we were afraid that how to manage these huge dataset and how we can visualize these data to the farmers so that they can use this tool without any headache. We spend hours and hours to simplify the data visualization process. We spend countless hour and design a lot of wireframe to develop an user friendly UX and data visualization. After several mockups wireframe design we are happy that we conclude to a most intuitive and easy to use tools “PowAgri” for every farmers.We developed the app in such modular way that any one can easily add a new analysis module in the project. We opensource the project in the Github.We already published our PowAgri app in the Google play store for the public users.Future of PowAgriWe successfully integrate almost all the planned and necessary features in the PowAgri. Despites these features, we have a plan to add an offline caching feature into PopwAgri. This caching feature will help the farmers to cache regularly used analysis in offline mode so that they can use this analysis without internet.Built Withandroidandroid-studiousda-datasetTry it outplay.google.comgithub.comwww.facebook.com      Submitted to    USDA Innovation Challenge    Created by  I am the team leader of PowAgri. I designed the UX of this app and developed the full Android app.MD. MOFIJUL(Akash) ISLAMLecturer, Dept of CSE, University of DhakaTamanna Islam JuthiTohidul IslamSwapnil Saha 
 I solved the problems I had with it. 
 Maximum reach via latest FB Bot technology. As almost every one have FB Messenger app (No problem of marketing our app)Incentivizing people to unite for common cause Leveraging advance tech like openXC with behaviour analysis to motivating people to drive well and become top driver  
  
  
 I'm proud of not attempting to incorporate any of the sponsor companies' APIs just to be eligible for their prizes, because that would have caused unnecessary complexity and distracted me from achieving the main goal. 
 Integration of many features making our final prototype rich in user-experience goodness. 
 We have built multiple DNN based models to predict Agreement-Disagreement, Emotion etc in conversation.What's next for DeepAffectsWe are working on deep integration with Atlasssian products such as HipChat, Confluence, BitBucket etc.Built Withelasticsearchgoogle-cloudnode.jstensorflowTry it outmarketplace.atlassian.com      Submitted to    Atlassian Codegeist 2017Winner                Best New Vendor App                  Created by  Prashant KukdeVivek Nimkarde 
 Finally I alone made it and developed Microsoft add in.I learned and implemented. 
  
 Won the Best Startup Award in CeBitCIO Review named us as a company to look out for.Appreciation from the PMI India Chapter. 
  
 I finished the application, and It's ready for the google play market. 
 A contribution to a huge market, for a good social causeA groundbreaking implementationA great learning experience 
 Team effortComplex, impactful design with multiple technologies and disciplinesConstruction and operation of the physical system 
 We're proud of the website design and the fluidity. 
  
 I came to know about this Hackathon 3 weeks before the deadline, inspite of my schedule I still managed to build a working solution.I am proud of the idea itself. 
  
 This is a fresh idea for Alexa skill. There are no similar skills that are currently available in the skill store. Additionally, we have made the skill much more intuitive and fun than most of the skills live now. Not to forget, the social good of promoting safe driving habits. 
 The Voice -- it sounds both passive, and aggressive. It's a new thing I like to call aggressive-passive.The Tweet -- We finally tweeted the thing. I can do technology yaaaaaaaaay.The Drawing -- An Oscar-winning drawing of an oscar with oscar's head (see attached)The FlowerThe IntrigueThe DismayThe Elaborate Joke Taken Too Far -- this 
 We built something useful in 24 hours!Variable substitution allows creating publications that are general and can be used by a variety of clients without hardcoding authentication, etc.Live previewing of the API call results is pretty cool. 
  
 Finishing the prototype in timeBuilding something from scratch 
  
 We deployed our model on Hyperledger successfully. We were able  to notice some patterns of tampering on the IoT meters to train our model for. 
  
 We are proud to showcase a polished solution using various tools with very little to no experience with it. 
  
  
 We created a great base game that can be extended to add more depth and content. 
 We are very proud to have created an app that has the potential to help millions of people across the us. 
  
 We are very proud to have a new product fully integrated to JIRA. We feel that Kanoah CRM will help many teams to manage all CRM data, linked to support and development areas.We could also achieve the usability we wanted for the sales pipeline, which is awesome.We have built the whole add-on in 4 weeks, and not full time. Thanks to the experience we had with other add-ons we have on the marketplace, the project bootstrap was really fast! 
 Finished general goal for the project on time.Created a meaningful project using Edge and Serverless Computing. 
 Integrating Kin SDK into the app and publishing a fully fledged server to facilitate creating accounts and send Kin 
  
 With less than two year in the market, Wheels have received the attention from different institutions such as national media and private corporations in México and Colombia, thanks to our fast development and adaptation to the market, in the last year Wheels have been nominated as one of the most innovative new products for the Accenture innovation prize in Colombia, was selected to represent Latin America in the 2016 Mobile World Congress in Barcelona and was selected as a key player in the "Red Optimo" of sustainable mobility in Mexico City, directed by ctsEMBARQ and the World Resources Institute.Also, something that we are very proud of is the fact that our product differentiates of the other products in the market because we promote a sustainable mobility always in safety conditions. 
 This Snippet Hackathon   
  
  
  
 Since very beginning Bussi has been well accepted for must of people, which make us strongly believe we are in the right path to something interesting. Also we have been present in important events like web summit 2014 in dublin.  Back in Mexico we have been part of Posible 2015 an event for entrepreneurs where we also provide a transportation service for more than 150 people. And currently we are working with dev.f in Mexico city to transport around 120 group of people. And now we have more than 450  active users in the last 3 months.  
 As a group as students, we're very proud of the fact that we created the "UWay" app all by ourselves! And although there are several downloadable apps providing freeway traffic information and toll fee calculation, we are the first to develop an app that combines the two major functions!!!What's next for Hsuehshan Tunnel TransformerAlthough we are very proud of what we've done, there are still some possible improvements that can be worked on in the future:Find a way to directly use the immediate speed data in the current app to increase accuracy.Increase the functions of the app( future traffic prediction, alternate routes advise...).Thank you for your time and we hope you support our project~!!!Built Withadobe-illustratorandroidgoogle-app-enginemit-app-inventorphotoshoppythonTry it outwww.dropbox.com      Submitted to    Hsuehshan Tunnel Transformer    Created by  Li Zhong YohChia-Huai ChangChia-Wei Hsuyuhsuan tungCheng En WuYang Cheng-YingMing Hua Li 
 React-Native is new for us! 
 The app is operational, has received a number of very positive feedbacks from the users especially around the design and the UX.  
  
  
 Creating successful Lambda functions, which interacts with the candidate. It effectively captures the input from the candidate and stores the value.  
   After losing considerable time in exploration of the framework and APIs, the team developed the system from scratch within the short timeframe.  Quick decisions and workarounds within team to overcome the limitations / unavailability of features which we expected in the APIsWhat's next for Order Time prediction - Plant Floor Visibility  Extend Part / Material location definition to enable augmented reality based system to show material availability in real-time to plant supervisors.  Add operations defects as parameter to improve the accuracy of order time prediction  Graphical representation of work center availability and options for early completion time  Integration of Predictive Maintenance solution (our IP solution) to improve accuracy of order processing and enable flexibility in planning Built Withbootstrapjavajpajquerypostgresqlspring-bootwipTry it outhackathon-bms67.run.aws-usw02-pr.ice.predix.io      Submitted to    GE Brilliant Hacks     Created by  Azhar Mohammed Noor MuhammadNoorul Ameen MChandrasekar RAMAN VELAYUDAMChiranth RamaswamySK ARFINChaitali Bhosale 
  
  
  
  
  
 This is the first complete app I have built using Firebase. After the Parse.com shutdown, I was forced to try several different databases but could not find a good option. After learning about Firebase, I decided to use it for my new app. However, being unfamiliar with JSON and its structure, I ran into some difficulties when organizing data. After a lot of self learning and troubleshooting, I was able to cleanly organize information in the database.  
 I loved the process of designing and coding the app.I have been teaching myself how to code for almost a year. I learned so much in such a short amount of time through tutorials and listening to friends who gave me advice.Challenges I ran intoThe most challenging part of the process, beyond the coding, was adding finishing touches to the app. I know that UX, user experience, is essential for someone not to delete your app minutes after downloading it. A few friends tested out the app in its early days while I watched to see how they interacted with the app. There were obvious things that made sense to me, but my "users" could not figure out. So, I took my observations and their feedback and went back to the _ storyboard. _ 
 We didn't electrocute ourselves!But seriously, we are all so proud that we were able to pull all of our individual contributions together and make a device that works the way we set out to make it work in a very limited amount of time. We learned so many new things together, and didn't forget to have some fun with it. 
  
 All the members of our team have experience in different technologies. We are proud of the fact that we managed to efficiently stick all our knowledge together and build the product we have today in a very short period of time. We believe Molecula is useful not only for us, but for many other users of Office 365 and Outlook.What's next for Molecula?In the next iteration, we plan to enhance grouping algorithms and give users better ways to visualize their Inbox. We are working on a new List View screen which will allow users to see all the communication groups with the ability to set filters and order for the list.We also plan to implement integration with Outlook groups and Groups of Contact which will help to automatically create them based on the Molecula’s clever algorithm of grouping. Stay tuned!Who knows, maybe taking part in Hack Productivity competition we have started a new big project which will quickly grow and evolve! At least we will do our best to make it happen!Built Withazureazure-ad-web-appdockerhtml5javajavascript-api-for-outlookmicrosoft-graphoffice-365office-add-inoffice-ui-fabricoutlookTry it outmolecula.emailmolecula.email      Submitted to    Hack ProductivityWinner                Third Prize              Winner                Popular Choice Award                  Created by  I mostly worked on the idea itself, infrastructure setup and add-in creation. I also did promo video and all the materials for the submission.Peter LiapinA pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty. — Winston ChurchillVisualized data from emails into bubbles. Then designed nice transitions when bubbles pushing each other. Boris SerdiukI've developed the server-side and algorithmic part of the project.Ilya Sadykov 
  We really involved into this project and challenge ourselves. In order to solve this complex problem, we not only investigate it from several aspects like transportation management, policy, chemical engineering, software and psychology, we also run through almosot the whole process of a product's develpment. For example, although we study chemical engineering, we tried to use the knowledge of fluid mechanics into solving this complicated traffic flow problem. We thing out of the box and solve the problem with Interdisciplinary cooperation. Most important of all, as a resident in Luodong, we can solve our own issues and help the society is a great honor! 
 We have a final product and something to show. And even though it is not perfect, we are able to get some kind of response. 
 Could be helpful to the parents during morning rush hour when one has no time to keep checking the mobiles. 
 This is my first iOS app that I created from scratch and launched onto the app store! I have around 100 people downloading the app already. 
 After the first proof of concept we couldn't get our hands of the game, it was addictive to us even when we knew how it works :) 
  
 Creating a professional application, and using teamwork to overcome challenges and get the final project up and running. 
 In all honesty just having an extension that is functional and does remotely what I set out to do is something I am very proud of. This was a 'nights and weekends' project for me and I loved working on it and learning about extension development. 
  
 I am proud of the overall outcome in general and to have it an in a functional state, however, I have to say that invoking UiPath logic from the form directly, without having to close it and being able to generate "controls out arguments on demand was something very satisfying to achieve. 
 We were able to make an MVP version of the application. 
  
 We are very proud of solving the problem of sharing secrets in JIRA in a way that’s both highly secure but also convenient and easy to use.  Most solutions out there accomplish one of those two pillars but not both - and now we are the first to make it available in JIRA!We’re also proud of how we solved the key management problem. In Team Secrets, one of our business rules is that our servers can never have all the information necessary to decrypt a user’s file. This is to protect our users’ secrets even if our servers get compromised. 
  
  
  
  
 The original POC was written using AngularJS. We managed to completely rewrite it in React including auth0, supporting multiple languages and using AtlasKit in just 1.5 months. 
 We can work in pressure, and also in teamWe can contribute to save turtle from extinction 
 I think I made an initial step to tie the technology and crop water needs w.r.t climatic conditions..  
 Fortunately, we found an alternative way by using video transcripts with selenium;  and finally Yoogle is working (YES!!!). 
  
 We were very organized and nailed down the storyline at the start so that everyone can work in parallel together. This is very important as the The Scarlet Record consists of 8 chapters, which would be impossible to be achieved linearly.We ensured as far as possible that there were no productivity blockers for anyone (undecided art/assets, storyline choices) and aimed to resolve these as fast as possible, which is very relevant to software engineering in real life as development output often scales very poorly with the number of engineers. 223 commits as of time of writing - definitely productive!We managed to accomplish most of what we had envisioned for the story, and are very proud of that. 
 The fact that the dashboard provides lot of forecast which when taken in to account by support team will reduce their Turn Around Time to a large extent.Sending Email notification to stakeholders if the RPA logs found to have any error.Reducing lot of manual hours for report generation.Implementing Design Thinking Process.Developing a working dashboard with all the UI/UX implementations.Sucessfuly submitting what we aimed to complete.What's next for Savvy InsightsWe have future scope of developing a phython script which reads the Bot logs from folder real time and stores in DB so that the dashboard is updated automatically in real time.We hope to get lot of constructive feedbacks and suggestions from the user's so that the dashboard's functionalities can be enhanced to a greater level.Also would love to hear from different users and their stories of how our dashboard is helpful in steering their business decisions.Built WithpythonsqltableauTry it outgithub.compublic.tableau.comgithub.comwww.google.co.in      Submitted to    Power Up AutomationWinner                Educational Prize              Serverless Apps for Social Good    Created by  I developed the Tableau dashboards and the data pipeline idea based on the discussions with my team on how RPA worksSwetha Srivarna SelvaGanesanI was involved in all stages of the solution building from ideation, design thinking, solution building etc. Suhadev Venkatesh Ravindran 
 Our team was comprised of three veteran hackers and two first-timers so we are proud that we were all able to contribute to the project and learn a new skill along the way. We are also proud that we challenged ourselves to think beyond the average user and build a product that helps more people engage more holistically with the web and everything it has to offer.What's next for PicTalkRight now PicTalk can't detect images on all pages of the web. Our next step would be to work on a seamless integration with Facebook so users could engage with photos on one of the most popular social media sites in the world.Built Withazurebing-text-to-speechhtmljavascriptjquerymicrosoft-computer-visionrestfulTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    Hack for Humanity - Girls in Tech Vancouver x UBCWinner                Most Innovative Application                  Created by  -implemented Microsoft computer vision API-worked on integrating computer vision API with bing text to speech APITanya TanRachel FishmanMarta YaovivienneSabrina Smai 
 we are proud that we made a tool that will erase our daily pain. and from the technical side we are proud that we could combine the powers of Zend framework , Google App  Engine and Ember.js together.  
  
  
 I have packed quite a lot of features in what looks and feels like a seemingly light app with few screens and well managed space, easy to use UI and local database support for tracked flight prices, dates,saved local translations and shortlisted / liked point of interests in a place. 
  
 Within 24 hours, we are able to pull up a demo for payment using facial recognition simply by having the customer stand in front of the camera using real-time image streaming. We were also able to enable payment splitting by detection of multiple faces. 
  
 We are proud of the MVP created and we are glad to work as a team. 
  
 Getting the app to work. We ended up with a simple, yet functional interface that is easy to navigate. The application met our original specifications. 
  
 we consider the fact that we could finish the application and make it function properly a huge success. 
 Having managed to develop my project in less than 8 days, as health problems prevented me from devoting more time. 
 The way the whole system game togetherDevising a solution which is practicality possibleSolving a real problem 
 We used this hackathon as an opportunity to implement things we have not tried before. (Koa, socket.io, PDF.js)We are proud to have finished the app within the 24 hours allocated and we strongly believe that our app can be helpful for students' learning, this solution can extend to allow companies to utilize this proof of concept at work. (i.e synchronized presentationslides.) 
  
  
 Built it by myself!Built Withangular.jscssfirebasehtml5sassTry it outtpalmer75.github.io      Submitted to    E.A.T. School Lunch UX ChallengeWinner                Honorable Mention                  Created by  Did everything you see here!Taylor PalmerUX Designer @ Lucid Software 
 We created a functional game of Pong. And that beautiful opening screen. 
  
 We are especially proud of learning new technologies as well as helping the community out with donations.  
 I am proud of what I made. I feel proud that I have created my first HTML5 game which is now on the way.There are many projects that I have handled But After Completing this project i have a new kind of happiness,I was like "I did it". 
 We had fun learning and tackling challenges together!  
 The accuracy of the hand tremors , neglecting the gravity co-efficient is unmatched and makes consultation and treatment top notch .Please turn subtitles on when watching the screencast on YoutubeBuilt Withaccelerometerandroid-studiosmoochTry it outplay.google.com      Submitted to    GE Health Cloud Innovation Challenge    Created by  From 0 to 1Royce Raju BeenaLoves travelling , following football( mostly ARSENAL) , bike rides . Plays with android for a living and as a hobby too . 
 We have a working power-up which developers can start using right away. What's next for TrellogramSending cards to individual members and customising the notifications menu are the two tasks on our minds.Built Withexpress.jsjquerynode.jstrelloTry it outglitch.com      Submitted to    Atlassian Codegeist 2017    Created by  Vijay NandwaniSHUBHANG ARORA 
 Managed to make an application that could connect and control the window. Successfully set up BT communication and demonstration of IoT 
  
 Building the app was a tremendous challenge, particularly while doing my day job.Doing most of the features that were suggested by the users. 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 The architecture was completely serverless.We used ioT, Kinesis, Lambda and Rekognition extensively. An entire business model managing multiple fleets of trucks and charging for tires by the mile could be scaled up with very limited changes to the design. We did face some issues like API throttling, but we eventually overcame those. 
  
 The fact that we essentially took an NP problem and made it work in a way such that the user does not notice any lengthy delays in the time it takes to receive their response is something we are proud of. What's next for Trip PlannerWe have planned to integrate a lot of exciting new features into the skill in the next few days such as more dynamic duration setting, allowing user to plan longer trips, setting the theme of a particular trip ( e.g. Hiking only trips, Clubbing ), making the skill more personal in the way solutions are tailored to the user.Built Withfoursquaregoogle-placespythonTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    Amazon Alexa Skills ChallengeWinner                Finalist Award              Winner                Popular Choice Award                  Created by  I worked on the Amazon Lambda Backend and the framework of gathering data from Foursquare and Google Places along with trip planning and trip generation algorithm.Praveen Gowda I VI worked on the trip generation algorithm, Amazon Lambda Backend and the Alexa Skills Set framework.Arun Parthasarathy 
 We SUCCESSFULLY build Hi-Pi - OUR FIRST HARDWARE PROJECT - with constant real-time monitoring on the WEB interface which will can move around your house to monitor your loved ones at home without any tension being at work. Now with Hi-Pi, we can be more relaxed at work and we can monitor our loved ones. 1) Use the web interface to control movement of robot, camera moves in real-time2) Instructions can be passed to those at home via the speakers3) Reminders can be set up using the voice recognition4) Plays music - MP3 files - using the speakerWe made Hi-Pi with a cost of only about $100 which is definitely much more affordable than the normal CCTV home camera which is static. 
  
 We created a complex product using multiple APIs and a product that can scale in a short period of time.  
  
  
  
  
 Problem was clear. We are proud we could be able to FOCUS on the lean and understandable solution.Also, we’re pretty excited about the fact that we didn’t only use Zalando API, we also created our own!This is our way to give back to the community.Using our API online shops can leverage the power of our community-driven algorithm:http://git.factory.mn/manufactura/lazzo_backend/wikis/api USER: hackjunctionPASS: mG6SoVywk3u 
 Learning React.Effectively iterating on our design and development process.Not sleeping.Teamwork.Deploying successfully first try!!!!! 
  
  
 Working effectively and productively in a team, developing a solution that assists refugees, asylum seekers and migrant and better their everyday lives as well as connecting with many like-minded and passionate people from different fields are just some of the many things we are proud of it. 
 Getting the most out of the Alohar API is something we are extremely proud of. Alohar provides us with insights on where a user's home location and work location could be. We use that data to extrapolate where the user is going. By taking into consideration several contextual nodes such as time of day, user's past transactions, direction user is heading, and other deliveries being done at that moment, we create optimal matches that saves buyers time and money. In the same way, we optimize routes for deliverers so that they can make the most money possible and complete several deliveries in one go.  What started out as a simple hack ended up providing convenience for people ordering on the go. The app is also a quick and efficient way for other student to make money without going out of their way. Our team is extremely proud of the fact that we can bring people together, empower them to earn, and provide this instant convenience at the tap of a button. We have placed a lot of attention on a seamless user experience. The way we integrated the Alohar API drives our real time, context-based deliveries. Compared to other conventional food delivery applications, we save time and money for the people who order. Likewise, we are extremely proud of nurturing a community where people can mutually benefit from helping one another. In many ways, we are reinventing the traditional supply chain of ordering and delivering. Thanks to Alohar, we were also able to build on existing user behavior rather than forcing users to change what they do and where they go everyday. We are proud of championing Fireflies as a seamless convenience that makes communities stronger.  
  
 The most proud moment was when we calibrated the sensor's data correctly and when our methane gas sensor started working correctly. All in all the happiest and proudest moment was when we completed our project with the whole video.////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////// 
 Using Celluloid as asynchronous workers interacting with the Heroku and HipChat APIsWhat's next for ChatOps for HerokuRounding out the command set to enable the full Heroku API features from chatTake advantage of the new UI enhancements coming in the HipChat APIBuilt Withherokuhipchatpostgresqlrubyruby-on-railsTry it outmarketplace.atlassian.comcbhd-production.herokuapp.com      Submitted to    Atlassian Codegeist: Add-on Hackathon    Created by  Alex Soto 
 We SANG in front of the entire closing ceremonies at MHacks: Refactor. Don't believe me? ("Ask the dishes!" Kidding.) Check it out here. If that isn't every singing averse engineer's nightmare, I don't know what is.Also, we built a dress that parsed out lyrics and displayed a princess dress in real time. None of us had experience with LEDs or lyric parsing before this project. 
  
  
  
 We were able to keep focused and managed to implement the necessary features for Innovation to be useful without being bloated. 
 Quickly trained an efficient A.I. with beautiful datasets (24 hours). 
 The visualizations look amazing. We could identify tweets which were clearly not normal. in less than 2 days we managed to make good progress with the analysis. Being new to Python, mining the huge dataset was an achievement. 
  
  
 Integrating all the sensors on the Artik board and pushing data onto a self hosted website which uses artificial intelligence suggests which crop to produce 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 We are very proud to be developing an app that has the potential to improve the lives of many. In addition, we are proud to simply have a functioning social media application running on Openshift. 
  
 We are proud to master such a new technology. The Daydream was released last November, and the developer tools were released this February. In such a short time, we have created our own piece of technology without any help of apis or apks. 
 Can be implementation. 
  
 I'm quite proud that I was able to clean up the login and abolish traditional the username-password system. Also, I am very happy with my custom emoji skills, as I'm not much of an artist myself. 
 Integrated large chunk for analysis of data sets 
 It is a very simple and clear way (vision guiding system) to solve the traffic jam problem in the tunnel. 這是一個非常單純且簡潔的方案(視覺導引)解決隧道內塞車的原因。The system can be built in tunnel directly, so it's compatible with all vehicles and drivers. No need to learn or update any equipment. 系統直接建構於隧道本身，設計與運作環境單純，不需要駕駛學習操作且通用於所有車輛。Provide sufficient messages to each car, minimize the factor of traffic jams. 針對個別車輛的問題給予個別指示，將塞車的可能因子降到最低程度。We have designed the software in C, and the control logic is able to be transplanted to larger real system in tunnel with little modification. 我們用C完成了軟體設計，控制邏輯僅需部分微調，是可以移植到真實的隧道系統中。 
 The largest accomplishment is of course completing this App.  
  
  
 Able to have a good design. And the app functions good. 
 Combining multiple sources of data is never easy, but we accomplished a seamlessly integration of SharePoint -and Planner tasks. Deep dive into both API's gave us the opportunity to display the correct properties of the tasks with eventually the only difference between the two systems: the icon at front. 
 Actually managing to make it work was a challenge - especially when it came to data decoding. The data decoding automatically resynchronises the clock on high quality pulses, and then relies on this timing when the signal becomes worse in quality. Secondly, the system automatically keeps track of the high and low signal powers, and continually readjusts the thresholds to ensure that a drift in power still remains readable.  
 We consider this proof of concept successful and look forward to making it production ready. 
 Being able to complete this complex undertaking in a short time frame. 
 To Built an application for all the users so that they can test Whispir API without any support. 
 This event was great for all of us. We pushed through our comfort zones, and decided to take on challenges that we were unfamiliar with, such as hardware hacks, and connecting them through android apps. The thing we are especially proud with is how much progress we have made in just 24 hours. 
  
 Its beautiful feeling to see all automated test execution at one place irrespective of tools used.It solves problems of many customers, who track test execution at different places. 
 We were proud of the UI animations, flow, and functionality of the app. We wanted to make the app not only be functional but also to look/feel great. (Watch the video demo! (Some interactions shortened for brevity.)) 
 People can now write a bolt load test in less than 5 minutes.We found performance issues in a colleague's procedure, he owes us a beer!  :-) 
 Speedy communication via Google Cloud Messaging and push notifications; fully-functional RoR backend; well-built Android app, the sound effects.What's next for MLHorrors?MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO.Built Withandroidbraintreemlh-staffrubyruby-on-railsvolley      Submitted to    Great Uni Hackathon 2015Winner                Best use of Braintree_PayPal API              Winner                Crowd Favourite                  Created by  Built the Android app and much of the GCM communication system.Mark OrmesherBuilt the backend, including the Braintree Market integrationJoshua SimpsonCreated/designed the digital cards. Filmed and edited the video. Uros ZupanMaria Vrabie 
 Although it wasn't an easy road, we came out of this project with more knowledge and experience on IOS development. We're also extremely proud to have built something that can have a positive impact on the people around us. 
  
  
  
  
 We built one nifty feature which allows pedestrians to look ahead on the path while using their phones. We think that it is one nice thing which we built which we have already started using in our everyday lives. What's next for PedSafetyWe have thought of various features which can be integrated in this application in future. Some of them are:Using Google Maps and current location to detect traffic violations done by people.Suggesting the most optimal routes for the cyclists based on the current traffic situations in the city.Adding new reward mechanisms for people to make ensure they obey the traffic rules.Built WithandroidbluetoothibeaconjavaTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    Hack and Roll Indore    Created by  I contributed in building and testing the application. Vijay NandwaniWagish SharmaSheikh ArafRohan VermaSo much to learn. http://t.co/vosXpvvlZO 
 Nous sommes fiers d'avoir utilisé des données ouvertes de la ville de Montréal pour présenter une interface interactive, facile d'utilisation et fonctionnelle. Cela est pour nous un bon exemple de la ville connectée au service de la population.  
  
 Successful completion of this Snippet 
 We built a game that user can play easily 
  
 Integration of different APIs from Socrata,kontakt.io(Beacon) and open data also from 511.org.To sum up and bring the things together was a great feel. 
  
 Development of the ride ride sharing application to completeness within the specified time was a great accomplishment to me, integration of payment platform on the application, use of push notifications etc 
 Coded a better MVP version which means that this can be launched as soon as possible. 
  
 Getting the app from zero to a solid demo in one week. Contributing to the community by co-developing a Ruby gem with Atlassian to make API authorization easier in Ruby projects. 
 Working on the data analysis along with the integration APIs was taxing however well worth it. Other than that, ZOI required us to do a lot of learning in terms of new features to try out and different layouts. 
 Chat functionalityPairing algorithmLanding PageSchema 
 See the app fully operational for my home devices and my kids using it !What's next for Fing'R MoteWill Fing'R Mote be the starting idea of 21th century remote controls ?? Built Withandroidhandwritingmyscriptsmart-remoteTry it outwww.dropbox.comwww.dropbox.com      Submitted to    MyScript App ChallengeWinner                Grand Prize              Winner                First 50 valid submissions                  Created by  I solely performed end to end development of Fing'R Mote app.Patrick Percevaux 
 We are proud of the many of our features that we were able to create despite the time constraint and our lack of knowledge of the language when we started the app. One major example are the Pie Chart Apis on the compare pages. For these we learned how to program, format, as well as embed live API charts into a web viewer of the app that could take changing real time variables within the app and use them to compose the charts. As side from the sort function, the update page functioning was also an accomplishment. Since there is no given timer, we programmed the stopwatch on our own and created many split functions to make the app able to add to the time already existent on the app. We also were able to program the app to allow people to stop the timer, take breaks, and then start the timer again and still allow for the time to compile under the actual time of the same task.  
 We specially love the purr effect that you get when petting Purrpurino, as it reminds us of our cat. We are really proud of having created a working prototype of a toy that could be used to play, educate, and promote good behaviour on kids, but above all we are really proud of having created a toy that our test kids LOVED!  
  
 One of our big achievements is delivering our solution on two different platforms that can reach many users. We are very excited about our project and it's potential impact in assisting with saving many lives. We are also proud of how our users can interact with our solution in whatever language they are comfortable with. 
  
 -Accessing DeFi protocols through Zaps, costs less gas than individually transacting on each one to attain the same result. For example, going from ETH to cDai on Compound and ETH to dLETH2x on Fulcrum will end up costing you ~$5-$6 in transaction fees. Lender's Zap helps you acheive ETH to cDai + LONG2xBZX in a single transaction, for ~$0.86-$1.76. -Registering Lender Zap on ENS, now investing into Compound + Fulcrum is as easy as sending a deposit from your wallet to Lender.DefiZap.eth 
 Our demo works flawlessly! Also, every single team member contributed to the final product. 
 Two of the team members have not worked with Unity before and learning something new while developing an application this cool was an amazing experience.This application does not use many third-party APIs which contribute to latency issues. What's next for Voice-overUsing directional microphones to indicate the directions on an incoming vehicle to create more situational awareness. Identifying multiple speakers in the same frame and attaching their captions with the respective speaker. Identify different sources of sound by using Machine Learning to help detect major threats. Built Withaugmented-realityc#ibm-watsonunityvuforiaTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    BrickHack VWinner                Most Creative Use of Vuzix Blade AR Smart Glasses                  Created by  Worked on the incoming microphone audio pitch and spectrum analysis to provide haptic feedback alerts to the user. Also assisted in working with the interfacing operation between Unity and Vuzix Blades.Venktesh KaviarasanGraduate Student pursuing Masters in Computer Science and Engineering at University at Buffalo, specializing in Software and Info SystemsEmmanuel Johnson Gnana Chandra JohnsonVikram Karthikeyan 
  
  
 It was the first time our team managed to come up with a working app in such a short amount of time. 
 WebAudio. No loading. Fast! 
  
 We got to work on the project as a team and could develop a project that solves such a big problem. We have made the app flexible in terms of blockchain implementations and therefore have covered all the use cases for the problem and kept places to add new ones in future. How to create solutions for solving some real world problems is something we thought of the most. 
  
  
 Applying computer vision to a real application, and bringing Kanye to the masses. 
  
  
 As a team, we overcame multiple challenges in order to produce a fully functional product. We were able to integrate both hardware and software into this project. On the hardware side, we implemented a total of six sensors: temperature, carbon dioxide concentration, total volatile organic compounds. We are very proud of connecting most sensors through the I2C protocol, making the product lighter and more portable. On the software side, we implemented real-time database using Google's FIrebase. By uploading real-time data collected from the sensors to the database and retrieving them to the web application, operators behind the screens will have an accurate picture of the fire scene. They will be able to make appropriate decisions to better exterminate the fire and possibly safe the lives of the firefighters. 
 Everybody's first Telescope projectJunhee's first front-end projectHowon's first Meteor project with usMichael's first hackathonNobody died in the processKeywon even had time to take a shower in the middlePackages usedlesscoffeescriptd3js:d3mizzao:bootstrap-3momentjs:momenttelescope:coretelescope:scoringtelescope:searchtelescope:theme-basetelescope:theme-hubbletelescope:debugstandard-minifiers 
 We are proud the we worked in a team, a coordination we build and understood the team work is unimaginable. We finally were able to create something that is a prove of our hard work and determination for this project. Teachers and their appreciation is the most valuable is what we are proud of most. 
 TEAM WORK. Everything that we have accomplished would not have been possible had it not been for our collaboration with each of the team members. We pride ourselves in the fact that during the development of our application, each member always had work to do.  
 I am proud of getting it work for both cloud and server editions of Jira & simplicity with which end user can integrate two systems without having to be worried about doing complex scripting on Nagios side. It's a simple curl command and user can add it to nagios event handler or as command.With no prior experience on connect addons or spring or spring boot. I am proud of fact It was all done in 4-5 days along with lots stuff to learn. 
  
 As an integration product, it was necessary to learn two separate APIs and product feature sets. New to Atlassian SDK and OSGI, we had to surmount several learning curves at once such as overcoming limited documentation and proprietary "nuances" to create a full-featured, enterprise-level product integration with the world's largest e-signature provider. 
 We're proud of each other for coming in clutch when the situation called for it, putting in the time to get the project completed, working through the frustrating problems and bugs that naturally arise in projects like this. Also, we challenged ourselves with this project, there is pride in knowing that we put ourselves outside of our own comfort zones for this project. 
 I'm proud of the level of integration accomplished. The button experience feels natural and being contextual is pretty darn useful. It's a testament to how well the Trello Power-Up API is built that I was able to integrate this deep.I'm also proud of the flexibility and power that the product offers. It's relatively easy to create single-function power-ups, but it's extremely hard to make something that allows so many combinations with a reasonably simple user interface.  I don't think there's anything like this in any other project management platform. 
 Indexing in your browser is a novel idea and we're proud of the result. We had to do some complex plumbing between the pop-up UI and a background page to get everything as fast as possible, but it was worth it.We’re also proud of improving relevance of search results by making them more personalised. It’s still basic, but we’re excited about the possibilities of a personalised index built just for you. 
  
 Learning how to make beautiful webpages.Parsing specific keywords from HTML elements.Learning how to use JavaScript, HTML, CSS and Sketch for the first time. 
 This Snippet Hackathon 
 1.Leveraging APM2.Integration with Intel Edison (two way communication)3.Smooth integration with PREDIX machineDummy analytic for the sensor dataService to expose the outcome of the Analytic (Timeseries data)Show the location of the device on Google mapPush notification to mobile for threshold breachMobile app & NodeJS module to flash a message on the LCDImplementation of Threshold breach Dashboard 
 Learning new codes, and from new friends!What WE learnedAccomplishmentsWhat's next for UnbottlrMore to come!Built Withadobe-illustratoradobexdcssgoogle-app-enginehtmljavascriptnext.jsnode.jsphotoshopreactTry it outunbottlr.appspot.com      Submitted to    MadHacks Carbon 2019Winner                People's Choice                  Created by  Holly Yun-Ting ChenYu-Tai ChenMing Hsuan (Clarence) KuoOwen HuntUW–Madison Sophomore studying Math and CS. Internship at Mandli Communications focusing on panoramic image stitching and image manipulation. 
  
  
 i made a clickable taxi icons that appears in a api google map and you can make a request to a specific taxi .What's next for ma taxii will host the admin part of my app in a real server so that people can have access to its service .Built Withangular.jsapachecss3html5ionicjavascriptjquerynote-js    Created by  Anas Lamaizi 
 The eBuddy is a different and new alternative to be used as a personal friend for kids, to give them enough power and confidence to overcome surgery. Besides that, both robot and app will help doctors to focus on their job, reducing caregivers time (avoiding giving updates during the surgery) and providing a more comfortable and calm kid.What we learntOne of the most important things we learnt is to deal with different points of view the same problem can cause. Contact with real employers allowed us to understand better what are the real problems the health sector has and how we need to go through solutions.What's next for eBuddy by SalmaTechWe have a lot of more ideas that our robot may implement in the future. For example, we are thinking about widen the age range of kids to 12 years, creating an interactive "friend" to whom the boy can talk in order to distract him. We think the range 8-12 years old boys do not want to feel like 'little children', and a real-time, artificial intelligent friend may help.A smooth, fluffy and washable cover that can be used to give a feeling of sympathy, delight and affection in children.A better design of the body and structure can de done.Built Withandroidandroid-studioappartificial-intelligencec++databaseeclipseemotionsface-recognitioniosjavamachine-learningmicrosoft-officeraspberry-piroboticsumlTry it outdrive.google.com      Submitted to    Junction 2016    Created by  Ricardo Esteban GonzalezBiomedical Engineering student from Universidad Politecnica de Madrid, SpainDavid FerrisNacho DomingoMarta Urquizu Arruabarrena 
  
  
 We did not know about php, botman framework and Glip framework. We learned, learned and learned.We proud of that we learned php, botman framework and Glip framework 
 We are proud of having made a great team and also a game that we are happy with! We didn't know each others so agreeing on most things could have been challenging, but luckily we all had pretty much the same views!We are proud of having managed to complete the game, even if we considered it ambitious - aim to the sun! 
  
 We are proud that we are assisting small businesses (SME's) to better manage their cash flow, with very little hassle. Our system is the first app to address the entire collections process in the SME space on the scale and with the functionality available that commercial clients use every day to be successful. The SME has access to a panel that will take on single account handovers.What's next for Swordfish EssentialWe aim to get into the hands of as many Xero users as possible, as we are confident our app adds more value to their daily business and ensure success. The next step for Swordfish Essential is getting listed in the Xero App Marketplace. We are looking forward to taking the marketplace by storm. Built WithdjangopythonTry it outww1.swordfish.co.za      Submitted to    XDHax    Created by  Project ManagerJessica-May BerghCarice Viljoen(née Stander)LukecGrayJacques Lubbe 
 We’re proud that we have managed to create a seamless user interface on top of the complicated smart contracts to successfully implement our vision. We believe our platform can help propel the mass adoption of ERC20 tokens and hence of blockchain by encouraging investment in more tokens. We are thus proud of having positively impacted the DeFi and Web3.0 space.  
 We are not that experienced with our tools as this tools are briefly learn in our school. We are really proud that we could create this webpage within a short time and learn a lot of new skills. 
 Concept, User Interface, User Experience, Prototype. 
  
 The proposed solution does not use cartography. 
  
 I think My Perfect Weather is quite a cool idea and I'm proud I could implement it very quickly blending all those various technologies together. It is a hack nonetheless, with many loose ends, but what's most important, it is working! 
 I'm really proud that I was able to take an idea that was in my head and turn it into something real. This ability to take an idea and manifest it into the real world is the reason I fell in love with coding. I think being able to code gives people massive power and I'm glad I was able to use my abilities to create something that can help others. 
 A first attempt to create a pregnancy chat bot that could be enhanced in the future to response to all questions. 
 We’re very proud of our user-centered design approach which informed our decision to build this as a mobile-responsive web application. Research shows that those under the poverty line depend 14x as much on their smartphones for critical services than those above the poverty line. Therefore, in our minds, it is critical that the application be delivered as a mobile-responsive solution.  
  
  
 The trial runs performed for a number of matrices of varying sizes and the time saved by each of the drivers were taken as an output and for a small map size of 10x10, the combined time taken was reduced by close to 26%. As the map size increases, we can observe that the time saved for each driver is increased. This shows that with the increase in map size that the real world scenario will have, the time saved will increase thus proving the efficiency of the modified algorithm and ensuring high performing automated cars.What's next for Modified Dijkstra algorithm for optimal navigationThe future work would be to build a prototype of the model and go over the safety features in the case of a failure with a fine comb and to build a real-time web version of it.Built Withc++      Submitted to    MHacks NanoWinner                All Submissions                  Created by  Mashrin SrivastavaSaumya SuvarnaGarima Gupta 
  
 Making this programTeamworkLearning a lot of cool things about APIs! 
 We built a game that user can play easily  
  
  
  
 We learned and managed to do this application in a short amount of time. We managed to generate phones programmatically and actually managed to make them look ok.  
 Putting all the pieces together and having a working prototype.Opening new ways of creating music. 
  
 We are really proud of all the research and information we are able to provide through this game. We believe this information is all very valuable to the players and topics that are not discussed enough. Additionally, we were very successful in collaboration and each team member contributing equally. None of us have ever been on a team that worked so well together and had each member working to the best of their ability for the full twenty-four hours. We are very proud of our product and its potential! 
 If-Found-Lost is now a fully working product. Currently serving at if-found-lost.meteor.com. This is an idea that I had me for few months, So I am proud that I could finally implement it, and get support to run a possible innovative business with it in the future. 
  
  
 Leverage the most current information technology to reach the goals of maximizing car flow and removing the bottleneck of total capacity allowance. We did an Efficiency Assessment showing there’s 27.48% improvement on the car flow if passengers on regular cars switch to eCar solution and go on carpool lane(eCar and bus only) with the buses. 
  
 Its an amazing hack that worked and have lots of scopes for improvements. 
  
  
 It is a working prototype, it complies with coding standards on both the JIRA side as well as on native mobile app development side. 
  
  
 Hardware – we literally hacked hardware to make it bend to our whims and needs for this project. Our hardware wizard (Azra) spent an incredible amount of time working with microphones and signals Artificial Intelligence – we had very little experience with non–traditional neural network architectures, especially exotic ones like the double weaved biaxial recurrent neural network used by Hexahedria. This project enabled us to understand how small architectural changes in neural nets can produce gigantic differences on a network’s output. 
 We're proud of implementing all the stuff within the 24 hours, even we suffered several setbacks. We're happy that especially the hardware part was so well prepared that we could resolve the issues. We saw smoking electronic parts, but luckily they still work. And we really like the speed indicator. 
 The python script is extremely fast, and took relatively little code to write, given the fact that it can run almost any one line bash command. 
  
 We were able to create an almost entire and complete RPG experience including NPC units, quests, a combat system, procedurally generated world with unique environments and challenges and different characters/classes with different stats - all in one weekend. 
 It actually works 
  
 As far as I know, I'm the first person to train the HTM to write breakbeats, so there's that. 
  
 We built a working strategy game in 24 hours. That's something to be proud of! 
 Being one of the first persons in the world to make a project using the Artik board! Creating a product that I believe in, and which can be useful for a lot of people.  
 Created an open-sourced corpus generator. 
 I single-handedly built the entire front-end web app, the native iOS and Android apps, Alexa skill and the backend API. Took a while to get here but I'm super proud of the end result. What's next for Slope NinjaI plan to expand Slope Ninja coverage to other resorts across the globe, hopefully, with the help of the open-source community.Built Withaplbabelbootstrapcheeriodockergoogle-mapsjestjoiknexjskoanode.jspostgresqlreactreact-nativereact-navigationreact-routerreduxTry it outwww.slope.ninjaitunes.apple.complay.google.com      Submitted to    Hack your Travel with OpenShiftWinner                Best Pre-Existing Planning a Trip App              Amazon Alexa Skills Challenge: Multimodal    Created by  Julia QiuPlease vote for Slope Ninja by following the project link below! Thanks a bunch! ❤️ 
  
 We are very proud of our handmade opencv algorithm. We also love how intuitive our UI looks. 
  
 My "day job" is technical consulting, and although I've worked on and with software teams over the past eight years and write a bit of code here and there, I don't consider myself a developer. This was my most significant (by far) attempt at writing an app for commercial use, and I'm frankly extremely satisfied that I was able to complete it unassisted and create something of value. Regardless of the eventual popularity of the add-on in the Marketplace, at minimum I now have a viable solution to a problem that, until now, my clients have faced daily. I consider that to be an success by any measure. 
  
 Réussir à mener à terme le projet dans des conditions peu favorables; cela est très satisfaisant. 
 There are numerous accomplishments that validate our efforts and keep us moving forward: Recruiting incredible advisors: the Chief Innovation Officer of EMA, two managing directors of hospitals in Virginia, the CTO of an EHR-integration company, and numerous prominent healthcare investors.Building a fully-functioning prototype and building a community of clinicians eager to implement our productWinning $11,000 from a series of entrepreneurship competitions.Moving insanely fast - we work on Tandem 80+ hours a week each - we've gone from an idea to a fantastic product in record time and are now moving even faster to iterate our product through user testing in preparation for our committed summer pilot.  
  
 we're proud of the UI/UX, minimal and elegant.we're proud of the app's performance. 
  
  
 This solution is a great help when it comes to easing out key operations like task update, which result in timely handling of critical issues. Use of social channels like Facebook, which has a max reach for key operations that can have positive impact on project management & execution. Hence it can have great impact on overall business. 
  
 Delivering challenges 1 and 2 from the AxiomZen backend challenge and delivering the multiplayer functionality. 
 I am proud that I was able to complete a second app all on my own! It was great to see my dream come into a reality and it is so cool that I was able to accomplish my life long dream of creating an app for the people! 
 We can actually post pictures to groups and access them cross-platform 
  
  
 We're really proud that we were able to put our idea to fruition in whatever capacity. In addition, we're proud that the matching algorithm worked as we had imagined, and that the entire website was much more polished than we originally envisioned.What We learnedWe learned a lot of Meteor.js this weekend.What's next for TourUsTechDisrupt 2016Built Withcss3google-mapshtml5iron-routermeteor.jssquaretripadvisorTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    WUHack 2015Winner                People's Choice                  Created by  Created the frontend. Worked on the backend when I had time. Came up with idea of project.Peter WooI worked on the backend, integrating the application with MongoDB.Radhir KothuriI dealt with the google maps API and the google places API, I also worked with our Mongo database and handled lots of the routing with Iron:RouterTimothy SanchiricoI developed the back-end and matching algorithm for pairing tourists with tour guides. I also implemented the dynamics parts of the front end that involved using the templating powers of Meteor.jsMatthew Worley 
 It fucking works and looks legit! 
  
  
  
 cultural variationsthis app will allow indigenous people around the globe to revive their culture and earn income by selling goods from their communities, Indigenous youth living in the city will get a chance to learn about their own language and roots.If this App got developed, it will address the challenges of sustainability of the project. Built Withadobe-xdandroidfirebasejavaTry it outgithub.comgithub.com      Submitted to    FOSSASIA Hackathon with UNESCO    Created by  Database manager PHNOMI have worked on Android mobile application. Harshit KhandelwalAndroid Developer + IoTNiharika Vadluriishaan malik 
  
 By extending the effects of the camera app, we proposed the possibility of a game implementation, and furthermore, adds communication elements that can be enjoyed together, such as competing by sharing each other's images or combining them into a single content. 
 Right now five schools are already using the app; a couple more are in a trial period it, and I´m talking with a couple more to start the trial period so they can test it.Built Withavailable-for-ios-and-android-operating-systemsTry it outpickatschool.compickatschool.compickatschool.compickatschool.com      Submitted to    Mexico City Mobility ChallengeWinner                Second Prize              Smart Cities Hackathon 3.0    Created by  All the idea, concept, testing and implementation.Juan IslasFabiola Beltran 
 The solution we have is end to end and conforms to the various types of barcode tags currently used in the Thai Seafood industry. 
 successfully using a clustering algorithmManifesting data that proves the significance of concept 
 Getting acquainted with Spiceworks SDK and integrating it in CAKE PHP it was an awesome experienceHosting the site locally to remote felt more accomplished.  
 We are proud of the level of integration accomplished. We can provide more transparency to the JIRA Service Desk customers. Also we are proud of the time it took us to build this add-on regardless of the challenges. 
  
  
 Created Proof-of-Concept of Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning enabling smooth learning.First time using PyGame to build a game.What's next for The Chosen One - Multi-Agent Reinforcement LearningIncreasing environment complexity - More weapons for Generator to choose and learn, more fine-grained movement mechanics for the Chosen One to master, possible attacks made BY the Chose One.Final OutcomeThis project shows that multi-agent reinforcement learning and progressive autocurricula is useful to enable smooth training of AI in complex environments.ReferencesDDQN - Deep Reinforcement Learning with Double Q-learningChainerRL - Deep Reinforcement Learning LibraryPyGame - Python Game LibraryBuilt Withgenerative-modelmachine-learningmulti-agentpygamepythonreinforcement-learningTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    iNTUition v6.0Winner                Best AI Hack                  Created by  Jet NewComputer Science at NUS 
  
  
 A very random destressing project that could be another hack itself: http://tiny.cc/autonamegeneratorManaged to at least finish a prototype of the hack before the deadline. 
 A design like this solves the main problem for the implication of maglevs and can be easily applied of to the conditions of people around the world. 
 I have made a product that will help people take smart decisions when they are traveling. 
 We built a nice lightweight favourite music player.What's next for LifeLong PlaylistImprove the algorithm which ranks the favourite songs and release mobile versions.Packages usedaccounts-baseaccounts-passwordaldeed:collection2audit-argument-checkscheckdigilord:fakerecmascriptfourseven:scssjquerykadira:blaze-layoutkadira:flow-routermeteor-basemeteorhacks:fast-rendermeteorhacks:npmmeteorhacks:ssrmeteortoys:allthingsmrt:accounts-soundcloudnpm-containerreactive-dictreactive-varservice-configurationsessionstandard-minifiersstevezhu:lodashtemplatingthemeteorchef:bertthemeteorchef:jquery-validation trackertwbs:bootstrap                  Built Withbootstrapes6html5jquerymeteor.jsoauthsoundcloudTry it outlifelongplaylist.meteor.comgithub.com      Submitted to    Meteor Global Distributed Hackathon     Created by  Worked on Soundcloud integration service together with OAuth authorization. Designed login landing page. Worked on playlist view front/back end.Pawel MordaszewskiI'm moving from a stark Java EE world into the candy JS universe. Looking forward to work on the world-changing projects!Project management. Helped with the UI development, design concept. Performed QA activities.Mansur SWorked on most part of the Front-end code and UI, set up the initial project boiler plate. Also involved in some back-end and integration tasks.Rajasegar Chandranalex davisLooking for other hackers to develop mobile products using latest technologies 
  
 We are proud that we have something to present and all team members are ready for the demo  
  
 Using my computer. 
 We were able to get sub-centimeter accuracy in the .1m to .5m focal range, and +/- 10cm accuracy at medium to long ranges.  On an SLR, +/- 1cm accuracy was possible on .5m to 3m range. 
  
  
 Nick and I are both very happy with the final design of the rule builder.  It's incredibly simple, yet very powerful.  We've also added an in product on-boarding tour that should make it very easy for our users to get started with Automation for JIRA.On the technical side we are both proud of the React, Redux, AWS Lambda stack we've developed.  The front-end will make it easy to port this add-on to server in the future and the cloud back-end stack will be an incredibly cost-effective way to host this add-on. 
  
 We are super excited to be able to apply our learned academic skills in addition to those we just learned on the spot today for real life applications in the world's largest industry.  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  We were able to take photo of the menu, and instantly crop out of the relevant text, doing a huge amount of OCR preprocessing with a click of the finger. Also, our OCR is near 100% accurate, and the image search result all came back super relevant. 
  
 It works as I expect it to. I'm already using it to avoid silly mistakes.  
  
  
 Participate in biggest hackathons ever and serve such a great target users with the pilgrims also, We build the team so quickly according to the project need and team members shared knowledge, came with many creative ideas, then all members have decided to nominate one unique and valuable project 
  
 We were able to come up with a dope project within a weekText to speech application in android (This can be a stand alone project on it own)Passing knowledge to numerous individual via our workThinking out of the other sections most people tend to think of 
  
  
 The app actually works and the idea was eventually implemented though nobody has been employed yet.A unit test was written (for the first time in history of hackathons).We are especially proud of the UI/UX - spent quite a while as we think this is important. 
  
  
 This solution reduces the human effort spent to a great extent. And I am proud to say, that Resources can be used for better work rather than just managing user access in SharePoint. No need to provide costly SharePoint training to the users who need basic functionalities. Removing unnecessary waiting for the data access (Why to wait for something that you are already authorized for) 
 At the end of the hackathon we had a working prototype of our app. We had some parts working in all areas of the application from the hardware IoT side to the Meteor server to the front end angular charting. We each overcame many difficulties to ensure this happened. 
 We are proud to have successfully integrate this onto the Flir SDK and to implement a prototype which functions as we intially desired - with more functions to follow in development. 
  
 We achieved an accuracy of 93.75% which is much greater than previous research! 
 I have wanted to build this for a while, but only found the time to do so last minute. So is quite please with the result given that the solution is built in less than a day.  
 Over the entire duration of our hackathon, we were proud of having addressed our integration issues in achieving an efficient flow of control across the program stack for seamless input and data transfer. We are also proud of having learnt, implemented and debugged an entire new language - Flask - over the course of just this hackathon since it was an integral part of our project. Moreover, we achieved seamless remote database hosting to form the backbone of our entire interface.  
  
  
 After 30 hrs of intensive work, we are finally able to build a complete collaborative platform where users can post their queries along with the images. We are also creating more engagement through AR and summarising the articles effectively. In addition to that we have integrated WILL SDK which brings the power of wacom digital ink in our product.  
  
  
  
  
 Completed two model 
 We finally created a device which interacts with android application which can be used widely in future.Low production cost.Team workEasy to useApplication starts automatically and requires less user interaction 
 Working as a team and the communication was the greatest accomplishment. Overcoming documentation and getting used to deep reading was another one. 
 We learned how to interface Unity and Alexa, which was very tricky and can help in future projects.We gained mastery of HTTP requests and NodeJS, as there were a lot of moving parts and requests that needed to be routed properly.A lot of the code for the servers and Unity can be repurposed for augmented reality applications that require connection to other platforms.Creating apps that work on other important platforms. We learned how to create an iOS app using Xcode for the first time.VUI Design for the Alexa Skill + Unity Application and the Javascript servers involved 
 Personally, I'm an out Australian expat rainbow Mum and professional activist living in Hong Kong. My wife flies as a Captain for Cathay Pacific. We travel a lot, especially for our youngest son's medical appointments (he has cochlear implants and is going blind). Being an out woman, being a mother, being an expat, being a traveller, being an activist, being a professional networker – I wear a lot of hats and I’ve become a member of a lot communities.I'm proud that I have been able to have a concept that has resonated and enabled me to gain support and commitments from some of my favourite and most influential global activists and thought leaders. Before the Hack4Equality came along Planet Ally was something I was talking about this idea but not acting upon it, truth be told I was overwhelmed as to how to even kick off!It's incredible in such a short space in time to have the support and the ear of VIPs like: Geena Rocero (Gender Proud) Matt Beard (All Out) , Lia Parifax (Arcus and Athlete Ally), Nigerian activist Bisi Alimi, LGBTI academic Lee Badgett, MTV Genderqueer star Jacob Tobia, Swedish activist and technologist Nadia Zabehi and to my shock and delight Indian Prince Manvendra to name a few. I'm turning 40 in a few weeks and I have been passionate about wanting to make Planet Ally happen, I just didn't know how. I planned and still do plan to use using my birthday as a 'hack for human capital'. I will be walking all my friends – mums, dads, athletes, artists, activists, allies, you name it – through this first iteration of Planet Ally to gain as much insight, feedback and inspiration as possible. Creating and curating Planet Ally is the next phase in my activist career.       Hack4Equality is the most spectacularly serendipitous opportunity and I just can not thank all involved enough for the gift it's given my team and I to really think what about our hopes, vision and next steps are for Planet Ally.I am also thrilled we have built a platform that other apps and technologies could plug into (including fellow hackathon entries e.g. #Hack4Equality Turn Out app for volunteers) 
  
 Ads... in the terminal. Unlock the full description for $338.99. 
  
  
 We reached almost a thousand followers on Twitter and a hundred likes on Facebook. We've received messages from all over the world from people requesting the packs. The site won a Junior Spider Web Design award for Best Concept.  
 I'm very proud that I have successfully trialled a medical device which I created at my kitchen table, and have found that it could help reduce the severity of gait freezing by such a vast percentage.I'm really proud, that against the odds, and people telling me that it would not be possible, I've kept making progress with the commercialisation of my device. I'm very proud that I have recieved the backing of my national medical device association, the IMDA, and that they believed in me and my abilities enough to invest in my personal development.I'm also really proud that developing my device now means, that I have, at my fingertips, the potential to help millions of people around the world suffering from Parkinson's disease. I think that it is really fantastic to be able to reach out and help others through technology, and I'm immensely proud of what I have achieved thus far. I'm really proud of getting into the outbox incubator, its something that I never thought would have been possible for me to achieve, and I'm just delighted.I was really proud to get the opportunity to present Free Feet to our national minister for health, and to learn that he was very impressed with it was fantastic, he said that he hopes to see it in use in the very near future. 
 We are very happy to see that we have succeeded in filling the gap between technology and product. Our beta testers really enjoy playing MONA.  
  
  
 Our constant momentum, and the level of collaboration this project has led us to, not to mention our knack for hacking into complicated software, figuring it out, fixing bugs, and making it work for us. 
  
 Our virtual reality application is going to give peace to many, who are suffering from claustrophobia.  What's next for MRI Scan VR with AWS SumerianBuilt WithhostssumerianTry it outap-south-1.sumerian.aws      Submitted to    Amazon Sumerian AR/VR Challenge    Created by  Tilt Studio 
 -Completing a functional app-Creating a beautiful design-Creating a working simulation environment 
 I'm very happy with the user experience of the add-in. It is very easy to get started and provide value right away. I believe the users will find this add-in easy and helpful. 
 Because almost every emergency service call center in the US cannot receive text or non-audio information and home invasions are a real danger, we are proud that our app has the potential to save lives that might have otherwise been lost. I have never worked on an app before, and have mostly just worked in data science. Many of the components and steps in this project were completely new to me, but I didn't give up!What's next for RoboCopUsing a custom phone launcher, we hope to be able to add a "stealth call" feature that calls the police based off of a button click combination (ex.- power button clicked and then volume-up button clicked four times) so the service can be used without the use of a screen and while still in a person's pocket. This might be useful to those in situations where they need to call the police but cannot due to a person watching them such as during a mugging or a physically abusive relationship.Built Withandroidbluemixbootstrapcsshtml5ibm-watsoniosjavascriptphonegapsmartphonetwiliowindows-phone      Submitted to    HackUMassWinner                Communication Innovation Award              Winner                Finalist              Winner                Champion              Winner                IBM Bluemix Cloud Development Innovation Award                  Created by  Frontend, UX, presentation, etc..David NearyRhode Island and Massachusetts. I like doing projects for social good.Backend, API-integration, frontend, UXJordan Ephron 
  
  
  
 Above all we're proud to have a wallet that is basically functional and hassle-free to set up. We are especially proud that we were able to create a more secure wallet than existing solutions like wallet.ethereum.org and Mist by applying a content security policy, loading the code in a client-side package (that will eventually be code-signed when it's released as part of Brave browser), and rendering the web app in a sandboxed context that is up-to-date with Chromium. We are also proud that the app doesn't require users to download any command-line tools or understand the inner workings of geth. We hope this will allow users of diverse backgrounds to get started with using secure hardware Ethereum wallets.Finally, as creators and users of Brave, we are super excited that Brave will have a builtin Ethereum wallet, hopefully making secure cryptocurrency management more accessible to folks who are already using Brave. 
  
  
  
 Throwing together the entire hack as a two-man team, and working across software and hardware, and creating a device that challenged us not only as software engineers, but also as taught us a lot about embedded systems and financial security technology. 
 Twilio integration. Custom email template. A custom animated SVG app icon build with the Assembly iOS app. Learning and using Flow Router for the hack. 
 It fits! Best of all, it works! 
  
 Cloud add-on has only static content - it is easy to maintain.User settings are stored in JIRA as user entity properties 
  
  
  
 Having come up with our own mechanism for lending and borrowing with working platform with functional swaps for products and allowing user to lend using compound was a feat for us. We hope to see fyber exchange live for public very soon 
 Having so many pieces that work but do nothing together. 
  
  
  
 Food security is an important topic to me.  The worlds population is growing quickly and those working in agriculture need to find new ways to use resources more efficiently and produce higher yields.  I am proud to play a small part in aiding these endeavors by putting useful agricultural information into peoples hands. 
  
 We successfully ran the algorithm to retrace the pollutants -- where they came from and their respective percentages. And also the machine learning code worked successfully, giving a prediction on pollution base on wind direction and geographical locations. 
 This is my (Sunny's) first Hackathon and Nithya's second. We are a two-girl team that is relatively inexperienced, and in less than 24 hours, we were able to:    -brainstorm ideas     -research properties of lead and methods for detection    -take classes and get ideas (Arduino and Internet of Things)    -learn HTML and website making    -learn about Arduino structure and capabilities    -use Arduino coding language    -modify code in HTML and CSS    -use Adafruit and Arduino for the first time    -make a circuit with resistors, a potentiometer, and NodeMCU, connected by USB 
 Added resources and materials 
 I have successfully made an app which have the potential to save lives 
     Phase I is successfully done and output is high performance Android application. Phase II is started and we got success in lane detection upto 50% this is one of the biggest achievements in this application. 
  
 I’m really proud to have submitted my first NPM module. Also I learned a lot about planning trips, making recommendation systems, css grid and flex box. I’m super proud to release this application to the public.I worked on a pretty large project for 25 days and got a pretty good distance so I'm proud to say I did my best and really made a cool thing that I'd use to plan. What's next for youme.worldRight now I’m working on an iOS and android app using react native. My next goal is to release those two to the public so you can plan an experience on the go, write a blog post, or cash out and also download all the experiences that you already have planned.  I want to bring youme to the world!Built Withgoogle-mapsgraphqlnode.jsopenshiftreactreact-nativereduxswiftvertxTry it outui-server-youme.b9ad.pro-us-east-1.openshiftapps.comyoume.world      Submitted to    Hack your Travel with OpenShiftWinner                Popular Choice                  Created by  I built the UI, Mysql sequalize + graphQL x express server, app caching layer w/ vert.x open shift 3 middleware, designs a bit of UX, and  QA.Kameron RobinsonSome hack because they can, some hack because they have to. 
  
  
  
  
  
 Getting our idea selected in top 150 ideas in intel hacks 2017 was the biggest achievement for us which we are really proud of.And completing the project successfully is also an achievement for us. 
 Making a skill that is aimed at children, this is the first skill that I have made aimed at children. Its been interesting to build this skill. 
 We managed to do this in under 2 days! 
  
 Learning how to manipulate jframe better, and the fact that we actually got it to work. Creating a buffered image and getting the color values from under your mouse. 
 It was our first time scraping Twitter for data.  We love the idea of the wallet telling you its time to sell or "hodl" your crypto.  
  
  
 Made the app as I wanted. 
  
  
 Made this thing in 5-ish hours while being sleep deprived. Didn't go home after previous project tanked.  
  
 I was able to used different azure cognitive services and integrate it in a real world application.I was able to utilized the power of azure search and leveraging the index attributes (Retrievable, Filterable, Sortable, Face-table, and Searchable)I was able to built a mobile application that uses azure search and azure cognitive vision services.I was able to collect plants/herbs image using Bing Image Search and used it to train the model in Custom Vision AI. 
  
 We have a smooth game with all the game logic implemented and working (AFAIK) 
 Managed to set up this project and are able to prove our concept successfully. 
  
 Our team and every other teamLearned from scratch and made a pretty sweet UI rapid prototype, fully on the iPad. The way all of our collaborative ideas easily molded into one enormous vision.Getting the database to work with Python.Taking a new technology that 2 out of 4 of us knew nothing about and learning about them. Discovering the insane amount of ways this can be used and developing a mutual passion in just days! 
  
  
 We hope to make an impact in the lives of future patients and strengthening their trust in modern medicine.By digitizing a major part of a hospital's overhead, we take stress from the parents and allow for a smoother workflow. 
 Building an app that is very close to what I imagined it to be is really nice. 
  
  
  
 I am really proud that my daughter is able to play and learn math tables quickly, even when I am busy or don't have much time to spend with her during week days because of my hectic work schedule.I am glad that I made this skill available to other kids/parents through Alexa. 
 We're proud of the fact that despite the number of difficulties that we ran into, we didn't give up. We realized that the idea was borderline impossible for us to finish in time with Unity by Saturday evening. Despite the limited time remaining, instead of calling it quits, we completely switched technologies and started on a new application. Two hours later, Ronak managed to put together a prototype despite having no previous experience with AR Kit. We all hopped onto the application and continued from there. 
 We were able to successfully create a web application that analyses facial recognition as well as incorporate well designed user-interface.What's next for EmoceanSeeing as how we created this in under 36 hours, there are a couple more features could possibly benefit the application: allow users to save their results to a unique account and implement dynamic emotion analysis that would give unique explanations for each user. Built Withazurecssfirebaseflaskhtmljavascriptmicrosoft      Submitted to    HackUCI 2019Winner                Hacker's Choice              Winner                Best UI/UX Hack (by Sketch)                  Created by  I focused mostly on front-end elements and worked on the user interface for the webpage. I structured and stylize the HTML/CSS files.jwang0110I worked on the backend connecting the database to the front end and API calls. I also worked on major styling elements throughout the website.Veeral BhagatI worked on the front end logic for the main interface and analytics page. I also helped out on styling other pages.Steve  NgI designed the UI/UX and drew the graphics and illustrations. I also helped out on various front-end elements.Angela Li 
 Almost being able to host a LAN Minecraft game over Whatsapp.We could do SSH/image/video transfer over our custom communication system. 
  
  
  
 In just a short span of 48 hours, we were able to deliver an end-to-end working prototype that sits on multiple platforms to solve a problem that can reduce inefficiency. This would not have been possible without the strong team work and trust we had amongst one another.  
 All the live streaming is done in the iphone and backend. No 3rd party services used for live streamingWhat's nextEncrypt dataWork in backgroundBuilt Withamazon-web-servicesiossinatra      Submitted to    TechCrunch Disrupt NYC 2015Winner                Disrupt Tickets              Winner                HackDisrupt 1st Place                  Created by  Marinos Bernitsas 
 Meggie loves everyone including herself! 
 We are happy to see that the idea works. At our company, we had built two add-ons for JIRA Cloud, and will have to build more. This plugin generator will significantly reduce our efforts and seamlessly provide the same user experience for both JIRA environments. 
  
 get|f|itBuilt WithcsshtmljavajavascriptTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    We Code Hackathon for Women & FriendsWinner                People's Choice                  Created by  Worked on HTML, JS and CSS Nitya  ReddyI did graphic design, wrote submission. and Idea development.Michelle WaddellI connected our app to the OpenWeatherApp API, and displayed custom activities based on whether or not it's raining. :)Sara JensenI worked on the mobile app mockups. Brett NewWorked on Design, UI, J2EE, Integration of API to the app.Hephlin MaguluriSobhagya Jose 
  
  
  
 We are very proud that our project is able to detect your fingers pressing the shapes drawn on the board, and we can play different sounds from different shapes. Also, we learned to use Figma and was able to create some amazing designs for our website. 
 Our workflow was very effective. Using Heroku, every commit to master immediately deployed on the server saving us a lot of time. In addition, we all managed the repo well and had few merge conflicts. We all used a shared database on AWS RDS which saved us a lot of database scheme migration nightmares.  
 We are proud of our ability to overcome all of the challenges that we ran into while developing FireNode, ranging from the difficult mathematics of trilateration to parsing the massive amount of data about the network. We are also proud of the low latency time between collecting our data and displaying it to the user, i.e. making our application truly real-time. 
  
 We believe this is both a legitimate use of blockchain technology (as the centralized version of this service would be hugely invasive for both patients and responders, and would present and extremely high-value target for malicious actors) and a good example of a use case that can only succeed on a permissioned chain as the geo-coordinates of an incapacitated victim could be easily exploited by malicious individuals for their own morbid gain if they were published on a publicly-accessible network. 
 We created a package to help generate mobile splash assets. 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 we do extract information about relation between tweets and airportwe do grouping Mentions into Events  
  
  
 We are able to build a prototype system that solves the Financial Inclusion problems in Nigeria considerably. 
  
  
 It works 
  
  
 This is definitely the easiest and fastest way to write code for an AI bot and see immediate results (all within a browser!)Variables and state information persist even though the code gets recompiled at every keystroke!The server keeps track of every player's code and state in its own isolated container, separate from the global state.The live-coding-server logic is more or less decoupled, making it easy to repurpose for any other game or simulation for teaching purposes. (Imagine it being as easy as: import the plugin, define which function you want users you to be able to live-edit, and a code button pops up that allows users to play with the code in real time!)Despite how simple this game is, this would actually be pretty close to a real setting where you might implement AI because of the game state is continuous (not grid based). If we wanted to teach people about techniques such localization, we could omit sending the current player's position and have them use the common techniques to locate themselves on the map. 
  
 Having a robust AWS infrastructure that will support a growth in user base & will be ready to support multi-region data hosting with data security protected. We are also able to support zero downtime upgrades to the add-on in the Continuous Delivery approach.  Having only started development in May we are very proud of the features we have so far in the add-on. Reusing the same codebase of the frontend for both Server and Cloud versions, which will make the maintenance much easier. 
 Getting the application to work and producing decently sounding music in just a few days.  
 I am very proud of having developed new skills as a self-starter without the help of anyone.I find it particularly exciting and rewarding to start with an idea and build it one step at the time to bring it to reality.Finally, I truly believe this project can be a game changer to improve people's daily life, especially for disabled or older people. This will drastically change their quality of life and will enable them to become more independent. 
 First Atlassian add-on for ContactNow, built in four days at Atlassian Connect Week in Austin, TX.What's next for ContactNow for Jira Service Desk?Exit Beta and add more customisation options, such as automatically creating a ticket when a call is answered.Built Withangular.jsphpsaasTry it outapp.contactnow.8x8.comwww.8x8.com      Submitted to    Atlassian Codegeist 2017    Created by  Julia ZhuStu Crew 
 It works! 
  
  
 We are most proud of how far the project has come in such a short development time span. As we came to know about this Hackathon just 4 weeks before the deadline. Over the course of development, we thought of many great ideas that we would like to add to the application but were unable to implement due to time constraints. However, despite this, we have built out all of the core functionality and UI to serve a strong foundation going forward. 
 Greatest accomplishment would be being familiar with Azure's cognitive services that made it possible for me to interpret the user's need. Now I wouldn't hesitate to dive deeper into ML services Azure has. 
 We finished it early enough to write this :p 
  
 Coding through the night 
  
  
  
  
 At this hackathon, we learned how to use SparkFun's ESP32 Thing using WiFi. We solved the problem of detection of holes using SONAR and Air Quality Index(CCS811) Sensor. We managed to connect HTML to Arduino code without using microSD card. We used a meta tag to constantly get live feed to detect pipes and cracks. We used a gear reduction to use a high speed motor to power our low speed drive wheel therefore, building a drive train. We prototyped the arms with different low risk materials. After prototyping, we slimmed down the design using mathematical analysis, therefore, creating functional arms. There was intense testing to determine the final robotic parts.  
 Reverse engineering the bike light! 
 Being able to build add-on in very short timelines with high quality. 
  
 I am very proud of the fact that I accomplished this task solely on my own. It helped me develop more independence and also develop lots of confidence in my coding ability. 
 We learned to use the Neura SDK, and learned a lot of new things in iOS developments, and we are extremely proud of the fact that we finished in such little time.What's next for ButlrIn the future, Butlr could have another version that would accept tasks from other people. For example, instead of you adding your own tasks, your boss could assign you meeting times and other tasks that would automatically be added to your task lists. In addition, if you are a high schooler like us, your parents could assign you chores to do around the house easily through the app, so you dont "forget" when you get home, along with teachers assigning homework and more. In addition, similar to trello, Butlr could have group tasks where a group of people, such as students working on a project or people working on a work related project.The possibilities with other people being able to assign you tasks is endless, and would result in a time management app like no other, especially with the help of Neura's contextual SDK.Built Withcoffeeiosneuranode.jsswifttwilioxcodeTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    Neura Do.AI HackathonWinner                3rd Place - Audience Choice                   Created by  I worked on integrating the Neura SDK with the iOS app, writing the server code in Node.js, and using the Twilio API to interact with the user using texting.Rishi MasandShashank SharmaStudent Hacker 
 Building out our Set abstractions on non-fungible tokens so that we can further increase the usefulness of {Set} Protocol. 
 Actually implementing the idea, the live preview and learning about MathJax and Chrome. 
  
  
 The team is proud of making a working multiplatform chat system from scratch, creating complex data storage for medications and prescriptions organized by user, implementing beautiful mobile and web UI, and building a backend system that connected the mobile app and website with http requests. 
 I am just proud I was able to build this extension using the APIs Twitch has offered. It works and it was fun building it. 
  
  
 We got the majority of the app running pretty quickly, and despite small issues that came up toward the end of the evening, it was fairly simple. Our team really enjoyed working together.What's next for BizDev MeetingI think we will finish up some of the ui components to the game is fully playable, and so that we can test it amongst our bizdev friends.Built Withcron-tickflash-messagesiron-routermoment.jsreactive-varscsstimesyncTry it outbizdev-20.meteor.comgithub.com      Submitted to    Meteor Global Distributed Hackathon     Created by  Worked on doodads.Brandon Baris!!Design, General UX Typography & Layout StylingKelli BorgoniaGame Architecture & LogicJon BorgoniaBuild UI to match windows 95Emmanuel Pilande 
  
 EPIC value deliver in less than 24hWorking MVPAwesome sales pitchGreat landing page 
 We are able to combine Nuance technology with the Leap Motion and Myo. 
  
 Everything that we thought we'd build, we built. Got the first overall position at the hackathon and got a lot of media attention since we'll represent our country, India in the global finals. 
  
 We are extremely proud that we were able to hack a the MVP out in 24hours. Our team had worked very hard in finalizing the problem, solution and design well.  
  
  
  
  
 Reactive sorting of upvotesVery nice APIGithub authentication (oh that was painful) 
 Having a functioning systemBuilt Withgoogle-mapshtml5javascriptpythonyoloTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    Hackatown 2018    Created by  I worked on the script to automate the snapshot taking and the analysis of each photo taken. This is the core of the program since it uses the security cameras to detect if the users are present during their reservation.Humberto VillarinoEliane BarbeauQuantum TellPOComtois 
 It is another addition to our small hardware family! Finally, something thoughful for the visually impaired to add joy and independence to their lives.We successfully built modules related to 1) Sensors that detect obstacles beyond 1 metre, 2) make alerts of obstacles via sound & 3) store locations when the Brail.  
  
  
 I am proud of the organizational scheme developed in response to the growing complexity of the app. Overtime, we have balanced the intricacy of the app without sacrificing organization or efficiency in the code.  Obtaining the housing data has also been a major point of pride within our small startup. While one of the most challenging parts of this venture, closing the deals and gaining access to that data continues to be one of the most rewarding and exciting parts of developing this app. 
  
 We haven't burnt it. Yet. 
 Amount of work we have done for few days.What's next for CotravelerFull-featured AI travel assistant that helps you to make exciting personalized trips.Built Withfacebook-messenger-apijbosskiwi.com-apimongodbnode.jsopenshiftreactTry it outm.me      Submitted to    Hack your Travel with OpenShift    Created by  Andrey RyazanovEntrepreneur, chatbot developerPetrVasiliev 
 We are very proud of beeing approved by Microsoft in Appsource. 
 I'm very proud of creating my own image editing library that can turn any HTML Canvas element into image editor. I'm also happy with the overall architecture of the plugin - it's very modular and it should let us build Image Annotator for other Atlassian apps (like JIRA Cloud and Confluence) quick and easy. 
  
 I'm very happy with the custom made soundtrack 'Time to Run' - it complements the game nicely (watch youtube video if you want to hear it). The 'Store's' UI is extremely slick and the user experience throughout the game is friendly and smooth. 
  
 Dynamic complaint routing to the correct groupsCategorization of complaints based on severity and priority determined via a user-requested due dateUsers can attach multiple supportive images for each complaintUsers can evaluate complaints by adding comments and can view a complete audit trail accessible at any point in timeAbility to reassign or escalate the complaint requestProvides ratings and user satisfaction surveys of the service that can be utilized in analysis and performance evaluations of individual employees or groupsLeverages news feed posts and automated email notifications to provide updates 
 Taking this concept to a production ready Extension in an extremely compressed time frame. Utilizing many different technologies and platforms to make smooth, creative and fun animations. The best part about developing this extension is getting to be silly and creative to allow others to have a ton of fun. 
  
  
  
 I really enjoyed figuring out the dynamic asset service as this opened up a slew of opportunities for unique visual experiences.  This type of feature can be used in many different ways to provide a composited image to provide visual data.  For instance, the Size or Atmosphere graphs in Amazon's Sample Space Explorer Skill. 
  
  
 We successfully managed to overcome the challenges of collecting nearby user profiles and finding matches pretty well. We had many exciting feature ideas, we managed very well to define the MVP and execute it in time.  
  
 So glad we met the FLIR team, we missed them in December, it's great they are back. 
  
 Finishing the complete app. 
  
 We have a finished working product. 
 We were advised to have a look at Parse backend-as-a-service and it worked out really great for us. Our backend server is just a single file with less than 250 lines of code!Doing a complex app that interacts with a server, uses camera and Face recognition only by means of HTML5, CSS and JavaScript is exciting and is quite an accomplishment on its own. A couple of years ago we never could imagine using thick technology stack in such a way! 
 Speed of building this add-in.DemoYou can demo this multiple waysTry the add-in via NapaCloud Share Link (http://aka.ms/Xm2tki)See the XL Clipboard (from the perspective of a staff/helper)https://view.xlclipboard.com/#56d6087d09d87(password is foo3) 
  
  
  
 We achieved real-time, cross-platform communication between devices. Easy and scalable platform structure for adding more games. 
 Our colleagues were interested about Zing and they wanted to see it in action.It can easily become a useful product, with market potential 
 I have worked on several long term and short term independent projects (You can check my website). But this was the most fast paced project I have ever done. Believing that I can pull such a huge project in just one month was really hard, but I did it. 
  
  
  
  
 We are very proud of being able to accomplish a Proof of Concept for a global Supply Chain Tracking System, which is decentralized, transparent and fully auditable. For us, it would be a great advance in avoiding product piracy and empower fair trade. 
  
 This was our first Hackathon and this was a great experience. We are proud that we were able to come up with a submission for our first Hackathon. 
 We're proud of getting the IBM Watson API to work and to return a pretty accurate result when someone is falling. 
  
  
 We are making really good progress on the features that we plan on implementing and we believe that we will have those features working just as expected by the end of the hackathon 
 Successfully use BabylonJS and implement deep learning on Google Cloud Platform.Learn about anatomy in higher dimension for a unique experience using VR. 
  
 I learned REACT360 seeing my idea realized on VR world  
 Building an efficient neural network that is up to 90% successful in our performed test cases.  
 Our companies scientists are exceptionally talented engineers. One has a master's degree in mechanical engineering from Stanford, the other has a PhD in chemical engineering from MIT. 
 New issue reporting , events and chat functionality is stable . Point system is working like a charm and the app uses minimal memory and data. The developers were in two continents and the collaboration part went smooth and quick and involved exactly 10 git commits . What's next for EnviroThe app needs to go deep into users , maybe also tweak the points algorithm to better rank users . Get feedback from users and turn the app into a market ready app with improved UI/UX , performance and options . An admin panel online for officials to view exact locations and detailed info of the problem is also in the pipelineBuilt Withandroidgoogle-mapsparsepicassoTry it outplay.google.comgithub.com      Submitted to    Innovating for Environmental Health    Created by  Royce Raju BeenaLoves travelling , following football( mostly ARSENAL) , bike rides . Plays with android for a living and as a hobby too .Nithin David Thomas 
 We were able to develop an Android App that has the potential to help millions of people around world. 
 Though our disciplines are more math and science, we all stepped outside of our comfort zone to learn something new.  
 We managed to implement a frontend that tells the backend to generate a new song, not impressive at all. But it actually creates a song and it sounds pretty good! (awesome to us, MIDIocre for you, maybe? :D ). 
 We managed to complete all the planned features: map-based search for activity, discovering activities based on suggested and trending activities and a group chat associated with an activity. 
 We are very proud of the overall feeling of the product that we've managed to build in 48 hours. co|wear is currently a prototype, but the basic functionality is easily demonstrated through our code. We also feel that the idea has potential to shake up a very traditional market. 
 The whole project. It it a project that we were all interested it in and to be able to create a great first prototype is a exciting accomplishments. 
 No extra hardware requiredNo extra beacons requiredNo more power/battery requiredNo extra memory requiredSaves battery at the destination stationSaves bandwidth for telecoms at destination stationReduce Queue[s] at information points at destination stationCreates more space at destination stationMore space provides happiness and comfort for residents and tourist's 
 It works and we've got beta customers lining up!What's next for Instant Websites for ConfluenceMore themes and an easier on-boarding experience for Space Administrators.Built Withamazon-web-servicesatlassianjavascriptmetalsmithnode.jsTry it outmarketplace.atlassian.com      Submitted to    Atlassian Codegeist: Add-on HackathonWinner                Best Confluence Cloud add-on                  Created by  Nicholas Muldoon 
  
 It works![1] https://techcrunch.com/2011/10/28/facebook-sees-600000-comprised-logins-per-day/[2] http://www.reuters.com/article/us-cyber-passwords-idUSKCN0XV1I6[3] http://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/research/dtg/attarchive/facedatabase.htmlBuilt Withamazon-web-servicesexpress.jsjavascriptnode.jsopencvpythontwilioTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    VandyHacks IIIWinner                2nd Place              Winner                Hacker's Choice                  Created by  Backend: image upload server, face recognition, twilio. Helped out with frontend designRidoy MajumdarI helped with the Frontend. I focused on the automatic logins into social media sites and cleaning up the overall product.Matthew Violet 
 First time setting up Google Cloud PlatformWe figured out two different ways to post to the database via different API'sWe have three different approaches to access the calendarsWe have configured Google and Microsoft LoginsWe achieve our goal 
  
 I'm proud that I have learned the app developing skills and applied that in helping people.What's next for VacciDENTWe are in process of building it more effectively and easy for operation.Built Witheclipsefirebasesdk      Submitted to    Hack and Roll Indore    Created by  Rahul Singh 
 The map works and we achieved a working AR. 
  
 Ability to understand user's question with 80% accuracy. 
 Picast will help people to share and whencast their dreams and memories. And after a long time they will be cherished with their preserved albums in the picast. 
  
 Retaining our sanity after staying up for so long. 
 A simple and very user friendly add-inWhat's next for Email2SharePointEnhance the functionality in the add-inBuilt Withfabric-uimicrosoft-graphoutlooksharepoint-onlineTry it outappsource.microsoft.com      Submitted to    Hack ProductivityHack Productivity 3Hack Productivity 4    Created by  Alon Ekelund 
  
 This may be the first augmented reality AI-enabled education app? We've also made the computer-vision side of it work completely offline, so it's not dependent on an internet connection. 
 Producing a fully comprehensive Android and Web app in one weekend which has potential for significant social impact. 
 This solutions helps us realize that different facets across tools can be used as an addition to RPA to solve numerous problem statements. What's next for Excel_Summary_Snapshot_in_mailWe can add a feature to merge screenshots wherein we can view or validate details side by sideIt must take the excel range, sheets , no of images as an input and then place them into a single image Built Withemailuipath-studiovbaTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    Power Up Automation    Created by  Jasnain Singh 
 I'm pretty proud that I was able to get this up and running in just a few hours as part of Dev Thursday here at Devpost. 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 We are totally new to Swift and iOS app development and we developed the app by ourselves in only 24 hours. Also, we designed fantastic icons for our app in representing love and badger pride. 
  
  
 We finished in just 10 hours and had time to sleep (and heal)! 
 How far we got with the Android app and the progress we made with the iOS app given how late we started it. 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 (*) HTM-MoClu: by definition HTM-MoClu is short for Hierarchical Temporal Memory Models Cluster. Htm-MoClu provides a platform similar to HtmEngine for htm.java applications, and has the ability to scale horizontally using multiple servers. 
 First time playing around with OpenCV for tasks like this but we managed to get it working in the end.I also scored "5" playing my own game!How much can you score? :P 
 It works!What's next for CafecitoImagineCupBuilt Withatomjavajavascriptjsonnode.jstypescriptTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    HackGT 2017Winner                Top 8              Winner                Top 3                  Created by  Working on great language tooling and language design.Including a command line translator, Atom plugins and some transpiler work.Angelo SaracenoThe worstI built the "transpiler" that converts foreign language Cafe code to English Java. I also did much of the foreign language research, working with 10 different native speakers of languages from around the world.Diana MarsalaI am a student at the University of Pennsylvania pursuing a dual-degree in Computer Science and Linguistics with a minor in Mathematics.MJ RamosKrista ShuckerowI'm a student at Florida International University (FIU) studying Statistics. I'm currently working on expanding my machine learning skills. 
  
  
  
  
 I'm proud to have taken an idea from inception to a developed solution leveraging virtual 3D technologies, which was fun in itself, but which also has the additional value of advancing the digital transformation currently underway in manufacturing. It's exciting knowing that this application is a step towards solving challenges in manufacturing today. I'm looking forward to where it is going to take me! 
 High security standard, for the login and voicemail data. Database content is useless whiteout the access token which is stored at amazon. So an attacker needs access to different servers (Script on Webserver, DB Server and Amazon) which is unlikely.Incorporate two special skill features (account linking and audio player) and managed that complexity.Build the skill with PHP, while this is not supported by an official SDK.The skill is live in Germany since end of march and has over 200 active users six weeks later.Telekom Deutschland GmbH is release partner of echo in Germany. It sell Echo at its retail store and offers a smart home skill for their smart home solution - but not for their voice message system, yet. This skill is not built on behalf of TD nor supported by TD - it's just made on my own. 
 We are extremely proud to have created an extremely cheap method of communication for the patients! The fact that we even made a small group of people's lives easier makes us overjoyed. Though our technology is not complex, it most certainly proves how each one of us can help those in need. 
  
 c r a f t i n g using popsicle sticks and cardboard and have the robot still (somehow) stand upBuilt Witharduinocardboardpolulu      Submitted to    RoboHacks    Created by  j-chennYu-Yueh LiuMei Tang 
  
  
  
 After two days hacking, we're proud that our system can perform a complete work flow with stunning and elegant user interfaces. The work flow is as follows: The merchant uses our web service to generate a QRCode, print it, and sticks it to wherever he/she wants.The customer uses our mobile application to scan the QRCode and send the purchase request to our web serviceOur web service checks user information and contacts Klarna to checkout on behalf of the merchant and the customerNotify the status of the purchase to the merchant and the customer 
  
 a frontend working (the web page) in a short timea backend working functioning (the API and DB) in a short timea friendly chatbot that will guide you as a mentor/mentoree, and be notify when some want to connect with you 
 Despite the difficulty of getting the continuous audio stream working, we managed to make the voice recognition experience fairly consistent. (It actually works!) Also this was the best use of git I've had on a collaborative project. Very little issues with merge conflicts. 
  
 We developed a web application with an working login system, and database. Our application looks great and our team members learned a lot throughout the process. 
  
 Understanding of Neo4j ecosystem and application management.Built WithgraphappreactTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    Global GraphHack    Created by  Piyush AgrawalShashwat GulyaniSubham BangaShweta Gulyani 
 We're really proud of the idea itself honestly. We really believe this is something that's right for the common internet user, and we're glad we made a tangible hack about it. 
  
 From calculating inverse trigonometry to processing audio, several areas had to work together for anything to work at all. We are proud that we were able successfully combine so many different parts together for one big project. 
 New learning in terms of website and web app creation.Getting the hardware accessible via the internet.Learning Meteor and will definitely use it extensively. 
 It was neat to see how quickly we got a working model up on our domain! We had our friends and family stress test our site and they were able to make amazing pixel art together. It was cool to see that our idea was really exciting to people! 
  
  
  
 Building a great team; building a launching pad for significant socio-economic impact. 
 We made one of the very first smart AC units. A user can manipulate and get feedback from his/her AC system from a computer, a tablet of a phone, you can turn it on and off wherever you are and also help solve the water crisis.We build a prototype platform for it, and a prototype product.The amount of water we can save is considerable looking at our numbers. 
 Completing a full solution from the back-end server in Node.js, and mongoDB database, to a custom middleware game API in Node.js to a full featured, fun client-side game on user's device. I'm really proud I managed to complete this full solution considering I've only had late nights and weekends to work on it around my full-time job and commitments as husband and father.Having a game released into the wild that is free, and that encourages fitness. 
  
 Amazingly engaging ad examples showing the full creativity potential of the system. Clear business vision how visionOS will transform ad business.  
 We've made an application that can potentially help to foster and build new relationships.We've managed to create a functioning app in the span of 24 hours. 
 We managed to setup almost all of the features that we had proposed in the beginning.What's next for SDAAS- Self Driving As A ServiceSince we only had a virtual simulator for testing purposes, perhaps next time we may use a real car.Built Withc++pythonTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    McHacks 2017    Created by  I implemented a CNN using tensorflow, imitating Nvidia's deep learning paper, all trained on an Azure N series VM.  I also used python to create a backend for the sockets server in the API. I also troubleshooted the virtualization software that we were using, which was a very difficult time since it was my first time using C++. Jaden WangRaymond ChenCloud Developer and Entrepreneur  
  
  
  
  
 We made something.We learned some things.  
  
 I'm glad it actually works! when I started this project I wasn't even sure if it would be possible to implement such an idea within a short period of time. 
 We are proud of the finished product. It is a functioning prototype. The website is very complete and the idea has grand potential. 
  
 I am proud of the entire environment. 
 All of it!!Being able to overcome the obstacles that we faced, using only research that we gathered overnight and past knowledge.  
 Intended Vision of getting a simple robot to execute tasks in the play areaAchieving the core of our initial goal 
  
 I was able to hack this together in less than a week and make the app look pretty professional. I also do have over 10k active users! 
 Getting it installed in a real bar in San Francisco. We are hoping to expand it to more bars and nightclubs soon.What's next for Alexa-powered Beer Robot.Installing in two more bars (one in Cincinnati, one in Oakland). And one of the owners wants the Alexa integration we did for this hackathon!Built Withalexaamazon-alexaamazon-web-servicesangular.jsdjangoioniclambdanginxpythonrdsTry it outbbot.menu      Submitted to    Amazon Alexa Skills ChallengeWinner                Finalist Award                  Created by  Steven SimoniLuke AllenGregory JaworskiSteven SimoniCo owner at Bbot RoboticsLuke AllenGreg Jaworski 
  
 Getting back to the basics. With the obvious exception of Office.js and our open-source editor, our add-in was entirely done with vanilla JavaScript - no bulky frameworks required for a great user experience.Integrating two different systems, Microsoft Excel and Ace/Brace editor to communicate seamlessly with each other.Without the predefined structure of a framework, we were able to explore how best to approach this app. By not being restricted to framework guidelines, we kept our app lean and improved the functionality and readability of our code with each pass.  If nothing else, we came out better programmers in the end. 
 We could help many residentials in Thailand to create a greater impact  
  
 Thousands of students across the globe can now reference the element data easily.What's next for ElementsAn iOS or Android app to go along with this.Built Withalexaamazon-alexapythonTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    Amazon Alexa Skills Challenge    Created by  Bhagat SinghAkshay Bawejahttp://akshaybaweja.comJasmine Sodhi 
  
  
 Starting with no idea how to use the General Motors sdk or many of the technologies we ended up using and building a fully functional and exciting project.  
 We are proud of the fact we are able to segment and analyze the effects of the medication on the population and we wrote a simple, well-defined algorithm that should be flexible enough to implement with real data. 
 I am proud that the app actually came into fruition.  
 After a decade building AR software for everyone from Autodesk to Intel to Google and more, I feel that I’m past just the technical implementation or even “just rapid prototyping an idea”. I’m onto using my expertise in building software to maximize product design to create platforms that can scale and solve problems that matter to me. I’ve identified and executed on building an AR use-case to help brands sell products to millennials and beyond, and helps people feel better about the way they look. It’s a culture that loves social sharing of everyday creativity — and what better than creatively customizable AR try-on’s of real products? I would be grateful for the TechCrunch publicity to help push this platform forward, beyond the humble small network of this indie dev.  
 We designed an authentication system that uses cryptographic keys to link the game mod to our back-end, creating a secure channel of communication between the streamers game instance and our events server. Bringing this together on top of the complexity involved in having so many moving parts was truly an accomplishment for us.The first time we did an e2e test, and went from creating a poll to voting on options to seeing the item appear in the game was truly astounding! 
 The face coverage detection is the essential feature of the app and we are so excited that it works fantastically. 
  
  
 Truly meeting individual stakeholders that are working incredibly hard to solve our homeless issue. We only hope that we can build a good enough prototype to give them hope of what's possible with technology solutions.  
  
 We improved our architectural vision of a small AngularJS application as well as our ability to orchestrate a quick project remotely as our team worked from different regions of Brazil. 
 We are proud of the group's dynamics and that we were all able to discuss ideas and extract the best of them without running into any divergences.We built a nice API and we were able to learn a lot. 
 Our team of 4 people successfully built an application on 3 platforms in 36 hours, and our project will genuinely help the hacker community. 
 Effective utilization of infrastructure data. Crafting a full stack system during one day.  
  
 Created a fully working version. Our friend was pretty amazed about this app and the speed of development. He will start to use it very soon. 
 With the groundwork and descriptions of the system (its functions and benefits), we are among the 6 finalists of the UCSF Department of Medicine Tech Challenge, and we just won an innovation grant from UCSF DOM. We successfully practiced LEAN and Agile product development methodology and brought together the bits and pieces that we targeted for in the demonstration system, starting from assembling the team just 2 months ago.  There's still a lot of work to be done, but we see the potential of this team accomplishing the feat together. 
  
 Climate science is robust, but the presentation of climate data has been somewhat lacking. Such large datasets in time and space, combined with often complex statistical analysis of the data, can lead to a lessened interest in how to fully utilize the information. I believe this application, of comparing locations, provides a fun, inquisitive and information rich environment to both learn and plan based on local climate data.This model can continue to be refined to bring more data and targeted information to all. 
  
 We are very proud that we decided to take on something new for all of us, and that we were able to produce a functional proof-of-concept application. Furthermore, we could take advantage of these product databases to compare prices across retailers and suggest the best options. 
  
  
  
  
  
 All four of us finally learned about Unity and the Hololens platforms!!EVERYTHING FROM SCRATCH!Lasers: cylinders and suchBitcoin, made our own modelsLava: so authentic it looks more like prataSound effects: recorded ourselves by a genuine European (sorry no italian on our team)  
  
  
  
  
  
 პირველრიგში უფრო გავაფართოვეთ საერთო ინტერესის მქონე ადამიანების წრე :)What's next for Bundleვფიქრობთ რომ ჩვენი პლათფორმის საჭიროება არსებობს და ვაპირებთ იდეა გავუზიაროთ სხვებსაც.Built Withreactrubyruby-on-railssketch      Submitted to    HackTBILISI Fall 2015Winner                VereLoft 1 month  membership              Winner                3rd place                  Created by  Back-end DevDavit KhaburdzaniaUI/UX Designer. I used SketchApp to design Mobile and Web Interface.Giorgi TabidzeBack-end DevelopmentGeorge ChkhvirkiaFrontend Devlevan gulisashvili 
  
 A working JIRA add-on. :) 
 Major Accomplishments and Awards:•2015: Carins Foundation Innovation Challenge winner•2015: Score Biz Fest winner•2015: Met Kickstarter funding goal•2015: Florida Venture Form finalisthttp://www.cultofmac.com/400088/tsolife-is-a-place-where-your-story-can-live-long-after-you-do/#more-400088http://www.news-journalonline.com/article/20150905/NEWS/150909709http://www.orlandosentinel.com/business/technology/tech_check/os-stetson-story-telling-app-launch-20151019-post.html 
 We hosted it on AWS, optimized all image files with Google's PageSpeed Insights, and minified all JavaScript files for optimal performance 
  
  
  
 Despite the presence of so many challenges, we were able to create a working prototype of the application which successfully converts the accent into the desired accent and encourages people to have more inter-cultural interactions by removing one of the biggest barriers in communication. 
  
  
 We're quite proud of our implementation of the meme-language model, and its ability to create random meme captions.  
  
  
 This is the first time I have been able to analyze my daughter's numbers in real-time and take corrective action based on the numbers. Lot of people rely on rules or gut feeling while managing their kids Type 1 Diabetes. I believe this system has the potential of making lives easy and protect kids with Type 1 diabetes from the harmful effects of sustained out-of-range BG levels. Since this system relies on text messaging to communicate the treatment plan it can help non-technical care givers. 
  
 We are happy to present an application that tries to positively impact the lives of the people. Our application is at a one-click launch able stage. We believe our application would be a useful tool not only for the general population but also to the medical industry. We also believe that EyePhone is not only capable of detecting cataract at an early, but also acts as an interactive tool that helps to educate the general population.  
  
 We have a working system, that seems feasible. The RFID readers that hospitals would need to purchase only cost around $60 (INR 4300). The RFID tags cost only $0.10 (INR 7). These costs could be greatly reduced by buying the tags in bulk and using integrated PCBs for the hospital scanners. Currently a government issued Indian ID costs $0.70, so a $0.10 increase appears practical.  
 For me personally, I'm most proud of how involved my whole family was in making this game. It was really exciting to talk about it as a family and as a team. My wife is really tech savvy and has a background in English Literature, so it was awesome to have her helping streamline the voice and language components. She also teaches 2nd grade, so having her insight into how to help structure the math-based game play was also a huge help. My son, Jack, was a rockstar – He helped with ideas, debugging and testing. It was really cool to see him watch the development process and how excited he was about it. We did a lot of tests with custom audio, so it was also fun to seem him learn about recording sound, recognizing audio as waveforms and starting to understand volume. Speaking of volume – Our 2-year-old, Luke, got a kick out of watching us all talk to Alexa. She can't quite understand him yet, but he's definitely saying, "Alexa, open Super Creature Showdown"! :)  
  
  
  
  
 Not giving up and being able to submit a project even though we were not familiar with any of the tools we used for this hack.  
 The hardware communicates with the software so we're basically leading the third wave of the internet. 
  
  
 We are most proud of the fact that we considered all aspects of a potential business when designing this application, keeping in mind that a successful app hinges on our FIT with customer demands/preferences, designing a product that customers actually WANT and that competitors have yet to MAKE.We take pride in the fact that we have placed deep thought about the business model, and how users will interact with the application.The beauty of Confucius lies in its smooth and enjoyable UX/UI, and we're proud that we have accomplished just that.We truly believe that users will enjoy the freedom that this application bestows on the user to be informed on the go, creating a product that other news apps simply don’t have. 
 A very simple method to monitor a server health, and detect an anomaly. 
  
 Our prototype, user flow and the solution we have designed to address the problem!It's amazing how 7 strangers came together on a Friday evening and had an amazing idea ready to go by Sunday arvo.We've run our idea by a few members of the target demographic and they have been very supportive. 
 Our sweet UIAccurate Geo-statistical survey of careers based on the criteria used for the algorithmWorked sample career suggestion and decision algorithm. 
 Proud to make the framework work the way we intended 
 The whole thing. Integrating Google's APIs, since this is the first time implementing APIs for most of us. We gained a lot experience working in both the front-end and the back-end, especially since this was the first serious hackathon for most of us.  
 Building a useful tool for the twitch community. 
 It is honestly one of the coolest projects I've been a part of at Wayfair. The amount of business intelligence we can extract from these graphs and data correlations are still coming in as we're writing this (we just found out we 'accidentally' built a recommendations engine too). The data still needs to be sanitized a bit more before we present to the judges, but we're hoping that they'll see the value in this, and will also be just as excited as we are to leverage elastic search in our analytics stack more at Wayfair.  
 Finishing our project in time.A ready to use plugin, which we can use ourselves use while browsing in class :p 
 Rich Messaging and notification in case of emergency Build Communication as a service for real time multimedia (Audio,video,text and gesture) n-way mesh channel Intelligent Sensor Data Analysis to Identify Emergency conditions. Handled Call controlling and routing Implemented Near Field Searching and Notification Provided Real Time Medical Relief Provided Real Time Insurance and Financial Transactions in IOT Live Stream Recording and Predictive analysis Clinical Data Analysis to provide better health services. Quick Damage Reporting Social Sharing, Reviews and Rewards 
 Features were fully implementedValue-added features such as file expirationPolished design   
  
 All of our team members have never been to a hackathon before so we are proud that we were able to come up with an idea and create something out of it. We learned a lot about working together as a team and we were able to experiment with different tools and software to see what worked for us and what didn't.  
  
 At first I'm happy to publish this game. I'm proud of actualising my dream about game and writing the codes of this game. I hope I will make new apps, games too.  
 TruClinic was a winner of the Village Capital/VentureWell/SOURCE/Hitachi Foundation accelerator in 2014. The company is also an alumni of the Startup Bootcamp Miami accelerator in 2016. TruClinic currently has 11 employees and 7 independent contractors. The technology has been featured in trade organizations and publications such as The Advisory Board, AGC Partners, IDC Global Insights, the Journal of mHealth & Healthcare IT News. The company has two issued patents which outline the process for browser based online healthcare consultations (US Patent 8,718,245 and US Patent 9,374,394) with a third in review. TruClinic currently has 25 customers spanning 4 continents, in 7 countries and in all 50 states. 
 I had an idea, and I implemented it — that's always huge for me. Also, I've gotten a lot of great feedback from fellow bloggers, copywriters, and marketers validating the idea / utility.  
 Being able to consolidate data from Salesforce and turn them into charts within the Cisco Spark chat console.The ability to handle ALL Salesforce customizations including all custom objects and fields.The ability to perform useful actions in Salesforce within the chat console itself so context is not lost.What's next for Forcebot for Cisco Spark?Right now, any actions taken with Forcebot would be attributed to the person who installed the bot. We'd like to enable a feature called Verified User Access, which allows the ability to attribute user actions based on each individual person, instead of attributing all to the person who installed the bot. When a user wants to take an action via the bot, he/she will be required to authenticate his app credentials and the bot will attribute the action to the person.Built Withcisco-spark-apisalesforceworkato-platformTry it outwww.workato.com      Submitted to    Cisco Spark the Industry Challenge    Created by  Zann Yapryankohycrishidebnath 
 Attaching it to the cart went pretty smoothly. 
  
  
 During the application development in the Codeathon in Jakarta, we found out that many problems out there and our position here to find out the solution, build any ideas, share application design, and create application prototype. Short time with the new team, we accomplish what we are proud of through this application!Such an amazing Challenge! We learn how to manage time efficiently and effectively in the middle of our other business to accomplish this application. Learn and Found interesting things in our leisure time is absolutely Fun! 
  
 Guru is a near-complete application. We delivered on all our promises, a fully functional and instantaneous live stream viewer, a fleet of push notifications to alert Gurus of requests and the integration of a collaborative whiteboard in the live stream to ensure a better learning experience for the student. The fact that we were able to complete this in a mere 36 hours speaks volumes. We're extremely proud that we were able to get this far, to get this functional app that allows anyone, anywhere to connect with a guru who could be anywhere in the World and still learn valuable information with ease. Developing this app seemed impossible in the beginning, but one by one, as we finished off tasks and created features, everything came together in the end.  
 Including our teams accomplishments in a SMS messageSMS including Evacuation, AED and Medication location mapHelp service phone number to the citizen’s mobile 
 The plugin achieves its goal of providing reporting transparency for organisations and to people outside the Service Desk team with easy to use Report builder. 
 Being able to provide a 3D like video experience through image sequencing, as well as highlighting user focus points, and expanding user engagement. Hosting on Google Cardboard makes it accessible to more users.What's next for The Queen's SpeechCurrently working on word analysis to track "Ums" and "Likes" and incorporating Project Oxford, as well as more diverse 3D videos.Built Withafter-effectsandroidc#google-cardboardmicrosoft-project-oxfordphotoshopunityTry it outbitbucket.org      Submitted to    TreeHacks 2016Winner                Best Hack a Team Should Keep Building Post-TreeHacks - Sponsored by 1517              Winner                Most Polished                  Created by  I worked on the audio functionality of the app. This included recording the speech and playing it back within the application, and then saving a WAV file locally. The file was then send to Project Oxford to be parsed. Apurva PanseI was responsible for rendering the 360-degree images that served as the backdrop for The Queen's Speech. In addition, I created all the graphics including buttons and logos, and worked on motion- and focus-tracking.Ingrid WangI worked on the Unity application for Google Cardboard. I learned about scripting in C#, event triggers/management, and creating a mobile 3D video experience.Joan HongI worked on the Unity audio recording and playback, as well as saving generated WAV files to local Android devices before interacting with Microsoft's Project Oxford Speech API.Laura GouillonSophomore in Computer Science at USC, fascinated by the intersection of art and technology, and virtual reality development. 
 No cameras needed!!!Cheap clothes 
  
  
  
  
 Building the backend and UI and orchestrating their usage with Docker and Nginx 
  
  
 The final product is something exactly the one I had in my mind and hoped to build. Getting something exactly right as it is in mind and looking at your code built from scratch running flawlessly is an achievement on it's own. I've even gone ahead and showed it to several doctors who were really hyped and happy about it. People are really happy I'm giving away such a skill for free where enterprises actually charge people money for something like this. 
  
 purchasing a domain name and putting the project online, also being able to do the basic video editing to make a video presentation. 
 I am really proud of successfully integrating APL into my skill, it's really amazing, and I can't wait to develop more skills with it. I am also really proud of how I kept my focus on the #voicefirst user experience, making sure that Loop It! would be just as fun the use regardless of what device is being used to launch the skill.Finally I have really enjoyed sharing what I have learnt with others, this has helped me to validate what I have learnt and it has helped others to start to create skills in ASK-CLI & to use APL. 
 It actually works and supports a variety of APIs including some of the sponsors. 
 We not only build the deep learning model that successfully generate images. Also, we build a cross-platform App that fit users from different devices can use our product. Also, we did lots of jobs focusing on GANs training, although, it does not always work, we learned a lot. 
 By using image recognition, we achieved to draw arrows to guide you from where you are to your goal. 
  
 The biggest accomplishment was being able to roll out the completed, working, beta web-application within the 36 hour time period. At this moment, anyone can create an account, walk around, and find any other users that are also looking to converse. What would have normally taken us a few months to have professionally developed, we managed to accomplish in two nights.What's next for ConnectOnCommuteThe initial beta for ConnectOnCommute was a major success, that's not to say that there aren't even more places to take this! First tweaks will need to be graphics, getting an experienced graphic designer to help improve the UX design and make the overall experience more aesthetic. Currently the team is working on making the web-app responsive for mobile displays, and in the next few months we're hoping to roll-out a complete IOS and Android app.The IOS and Android app would integrate bluetooth or NFC to allow users to connect on trains and planes and many other places without wifi or LTE connectivity!Built Withaccount/signupadobe-illustratorajaxangular.jsazureazure-iot-suitebluetoothbootstrapc#css3devopdevopsentity-frameworkfont-awesomegpshtmlhtml5javascriptjwtmysqlnpmscsssqltypescriptTry it outconnectoncommute.azurewebsites.net      Submitted to    HackHarvard 2019    Created by  I was responsible for coding the front-end of the application. It was my first experience with both TypeScript and Angular, which was intimidating, but because of my skills in MERN full-stack languages, I was able to offset my inexperience with these new languages by implementing my expertise in Bootstrap, CSS, HTML5, and Even Javascript within the angular modules and even TypeScript functions.Dimitrios TsioutsiopoulosA.L.M. Finance, Harvard University ‘21 | Co-founder, @connectoncommute, Harvard Innovation-Lab VIP Incubation VentureJoseph PetersonMichael KDionisiosT 
 We are proud of creating a SMS Gateway that interacts with Google Voice, which has no API. This enables us to reach people who do not have access to the internetWhat's next for GimmeShelterAdd custom geolocation filtering subscriptions.Add live bed capacity functionality.Filter messages based on user data.Built Withgoogle-app-enginegoogle-cloudgoogle-cloud-sqlgoogle-mapsnode.jspythonTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    2019 Philly Codefest at Drexel University Winner                Drexel CCI Corporate Partners Program -Philly Codefest 2019 People's Choice Award              Winner                Philly Codefest Best Hack for Social Good              Winner                Comcast Learning Module for Internet Essentials Customers              Winner                Comcast Low Cost Internet for Students              Winner                American Water Volunteer App - Give/Receive Together              Winner                Google Best Use of Google Cloud Platform                  Created by  Wrote Python scripts for sms server, integrated into Ubuntu cloud VM and worked connections between sms server and Node.js server.Stephen HansenComputer Science BS/MS Student at Drexel University; Minor in MathematicsdsbuddyNathaniel YaakovNick DeFilippisDennis GeorgeDamien Prieur 
 Figuring out how to get 1/5 of the world's largest database on art in less than an hour (Jack)Writing a web app with HTML+CSS+JS in like an hour (Jeff)Processing 100k faces in three hours (Alex) 
  
 learning something new for everyone 
  
 Solidifying the 3d printed design was downright challenging :) 
 We love the app 
  
  
 Being able to complete the project in time. Many of the concepts I am working on here are quite early stage. This required a lot of experimentation and discovery.  
  
 We have a working webapp that can take (some) addresses and find the route and any flooding events in the vicinity. It's not perfect, but it is (we think) an impressive marriage of data and logic accomplished in 24 hours. 
  
  
 Well, it sorta works. So you know, achievement unlocked. ✓Yep. 
  
  
  
 We got the chance to rescue the victims.What's next for Rush and SaveUtilization at the local government and local communityBuilt Withbluemixhtml5javascriptnode.jsTry it outcode4jp2015.mybluemix.net      Submitted to    Bluemixathon: Operation Rescue & RecoveryWinner                Bluemixathon Category Runner-up Awards – Individuals Impacted              Winner                Fan Favorite – Individuals Impacted                  Created by  I have devised a concept of system .I do not want to lose my friends in the lonely death .Yasuhisa HironakaI like electronic work . From the device to the cloud , I make something interesting things.coordinate for all members workSeiichi SaitoBackendYuya HamadaSales and MarketingEita HisamitsuMap and radar view systempinmarchShintaro GOTO 
  
  
  
  
 Bedtime Hero is meant to address the needs of both parents and kids. For parents, Bedtime Hero is there to reduce the friction of helping their kids get ready for bed. For kids, it's about being funny and silly. It was a real challenge to balance the two in a way that makes both audiences happy. To avoid bad dreams, I stayed away from any mention of monsters, witches or battles, and kept the skill's language entirely positive and sparkly.  
  
 Building a learning platform for different field 
 we got our demo site running and the interface to upload the files 
  
 Facial Recognition, Bot Framework, and connecting to Microsoft Graph are all new territories for us. The team came together and worked on making this project as beautiful and functional as they could. Despite being our first venture into these territories, we ended up with a successful application we are proud of and an application that we will use. 
 The integration with AWS KMS gives companies the peace of mind that their data is being protected. Security and quality controls in AWS KMS have been validated and certified by a number of compliance schemes. Being able to provide this level of security enables To-Do Bot to be accepted in larger organisations with more strict security requirements.What's next for To-Do Bot for HipChatWith this first release I will be collecting customer feedback to identify any pain points and the most wanted features. In my roadmap, functionality such as due dates and reminders are on the top of the list.Add to your HipChat roomBuilt Withamazon-web-servicesbitbucketexpress.jsmongodbnode.js      Submitted to    Atlassian Codegeist 2016    Created by  Guillermo Gette 
 Creating a full account login and registration system. :D 
 I'm proud of the general user experience of the proof of concept, that it just works.  
  
 It's semantically expressive to just have a <hacker-tile> tag that you can just put onto your site. The fact that we were able to go from not knowing Polymer to actually having a real working application is pretty cool.What we've learnedWhile building these Hacker Cards we learned quite a few of the core components of Polymer including component properties and data binding. We also learned that vertically aligning html elements is pretty much more difficult than learning an entirely new framework. What's next for HackerCardWe would actually have to test it out on different browsers. We are worried about the CSS from the page changing the look and feel of the actual hacker card. We'd also need to actually deploy the HTML fragment somewhere so that others can import it via the <link> tag into their pages, right now everything is just done locally. Ideally we'd also be able to develop some sort of loading state for the component, as right now it will just render the template without having any data binded to the template.We also need to spend more time thinking about dependencies and how users will acquire them. Right now the hacker-card.html fragment uses superagent for AJAX requests, which defines a global request object on the window which we would ideally prefer not to do on other user's websites.Built Withcssgitgithubhtmljavascriptpolymersuperagentweb-componentsTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    Devpost Hackathon 2015Winner                Dinner In on Devpost                  Created by  I suggested that it would be soooo much easier and cooler to use Google Polymer and create custom web components instead of just making a simple iframe.Matthew GerriorSenior Software Engineer @ DevpostI suggested the initial idea and made some minor content and design suggestions for consideration. But the others did the real work.Brandon KesslerDevpost CEOI did about 27 sketches for the hacker card layout until the rest of team liked one, and talked a lot about Helvetica NeueHolly TiwariProduct Manager & Designer at DevpostNick Schaubeck 
 I'm proud of how fast this large feature was released, and how fast we're iterating. Great technical changes were also made that is going to improve the platform as a whole.But what excites me the most is that all the activity happening in our maker community is finally visible to anyone who decides to join it. And it's only going to get better.What's next for Devpost FeedWhat's coming? Well, lots of things. Here are the ones I'm the most excited about:smart recommendations that we can push to your feedmore variation in the types of activitiesmore interaction (inline comments, and liking)activities coming from other sites you love and use every day like StackOverflow or Github, so that the CP Feed can become your developer timelineimproved designBuilt Withgetstream.iohutchmarionette.jsrabbitmqruby-on-railsstreamTry it outdevpost.com    Created by  Working closely with the dev team, I designed the feed and the different story types that appear. I'm excited to continue improving the feed to make it more interactive.Holly TiwariProduct Manager & Designer at DevpostHelped out during code reviews. Added some activities to the feed as they were developed by Product.Matthew GerriorSenior Software Engineer @ DevpostRobin BoutroshelloStefano BallabeniWhat about your short game? :frog: 
 For a long time we thought it's not really possible to move Canned Responses concept to JIRA Cloud because of deep integration with comment fields in Server. I've managed to find viable way to do it 3 months ago on our ShipIt hackaton (borrowed from Atlassian culture). Afterwards I pushed the project onto the production during my 20% time (time when employees are allowed to develop their own ideas). 
 Having developed a product to help people understand their own personal noise exposure and more importantly their cumulative exposure at various noise levels which is an important step to reduce their noise exposure and associated risks to their health.  Creating a product with a framework for capturing noise data for further research and studies.Deciding to use the Smartphone as only a display device reducing the risks of bad data and/or insufficiently granular data. Selecting Unity as the rendering and display environment as it opens up opportunities to integrate real-time sensor data easily with a multitude of delivery platforms including: mobile, PC, browser and as well Virtual Reality (VR), Augmented Reality (AR) and Mixed Reality (MR). Successfully integrating components together that we had never used or integrated together before in a very short time period. 
 Using many features of the Intel Arduino 101 in our hack, including the built-in accelerometer, gyroscope, and Bluetooth modules.  We really felt like we were getting the most out of the hardware.Providing both an application and a web service for real time tracking and analyzing data - seeing how quickly our phones and computers responded to the Turnstyle was insanely satisfying.Inertial motion units are accurate within several minutes from baseline but have a strong tendency to “drift,” causing the device’s reported motion to be much different from its actual motion. This is troublesome in the case of tracking an object over a long period of time, but we were able to cleverly navigate around this by using the magnetic contact switch to notify when a baseline position in space was met. That way, “drift” over time doesn’t affect the device’s measurement of the door’s motion as we reset the drift to 0 each time the door is closed.Finishing without drinking any coffee 
  
  
 Everything 
  
 Use case Scenario:UseCaseFree Food event can be posted by the users and other users can upvote that event. The user can see the different food items available on campus with price and the place it is available. 
 I built this app in very small time, around 6 days (I learned to late about this challenge that's why) 
  
  
 -Building an application that takes into account multiple preferences and builds its routes dynamically based on these inputs is a rather novel idea while remaining useful and intuitive, especially in areas such at NoVa where the transportation systems are very robust.  
  
 I cannot see many other CRM with the same extensive functionality as we made. And we are very proud to say that iGlobe CRM is now avilable from any Office 365 service. The dream of having access no matter where you are in Office 365 is about to get a reality What's next for iGlobe CRM App for Microsoft TeamsTo get the Teams App approved at the Office Store. We expect to send it for approval  next week. The next version of the app will allow the user to create, Contacts, Notes, Meeting report, and SSO directly from the App. Our goal is that all can be seen and done from within the App Built Withbootstrapfabric.jshtml5microsoft-graphoffice-365      Submitted to    Hack Productivity 3Hack Productivity 4Winner                Best Teams Integration                  Created by  Alon Ekelund 
  
 We managed to make an automatic ramen cooker and iOS app in 24 hours. We did not eat too much ramen. 
  
 We reached a wide spectrum of farmers and began to really understand their workflow, motivations, and challenges.We addressed both the hackathon’s challenge and farmers’ needs:An important part of sustainability is keeping food production and distribution local. Our map-based application appeals to farmers by showing them exactly what is happening on their land and in the surrounding local community. The Farmed application helps them understand their land holistically, using history as a teaching tool, so that they can make decisions that support increased productivity.Weather is the number one challenge cited by farmers. Our application arms them with historical weather data that they can use to plan crops for projected drought years. It is flexible enough for us to add real time weather predictions for short-term planning as part of future work.The Farmed application focuses on a specific type of farmer and is designed with him in mind. We ensure that the farmer’s interaction with our application will be enjoyable and to the point. 
 I'm happy to write proper codes for Arduino 101 and Uno and I'm proud of finishing this project. 
 Building an app that evaluates the state of a repository in a fun way and let other developers discover what they were feeling while they were coding their awesome projects.  
 The opportunity to go to MHacksThe fact that it worksThat the motors move the cart forwardWe averaged 6 to 7 hours of sleep 
  
 We managed to find the weekly PIN of The Game, that UNIX timestamp... 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 First in the world decentralized QR-code AirDropsFirst EIP about redesigning Ethereum fees, which can work today for any miners 
 Talking with Alexa in Augmented RealityBuilt Withamazon-alexaaudacityiclonejavascriptmicrosoft-hololensnode.jsunityTry it outholoassist.club      Submitted to    TechCrunch Disrupt NY 2016Winner                Amazon Alexa              Winner                Microsoft - Office Apps and Add-ins Contest                  Created by  Matt DuLeoneDan DuLeoneteddy ortegaLuther College Computer Science/Music Graduate. Front End Engineer. Musician. Improviser.David GonzalezSam Harrell 
  
  
 The front end for this project turned out to be much more polished and pretty than I had anticipated. I'm proud of the way it looks.I'm proud of the project and idea itself. It gives me a good laugh every time I test it. 
 The Glitter Function and Rainbow Pencil that i added is really a great accomplishment that I'm proud of.I gave too much my time to add these features.I feel proud that I have created my second HTML5 game which is now on the way.My first HTML5 game was ShooterMax Which is also a submission in this contest. 
 With Mommy-gram, I was able to combine multiple platforms to make a holistic experience that leapt device boundaries.What makes me proudest is that my kids love using the skill to talk to Mom (without me forcing them to)!It turned out to be a great example of using technology to connect families!What's nextWhy, Daddy-gram, of course!Built Withamazon-alexaamazon-dynamodbamazon-lambdanode.jsplivoTry it outwww.amazon.com      Submitted to    Alexa Skills Challenge: KidsAlexa Skills Challenge: Life HacksWinner                Grand Prize              Winner                Finalist Prize                  Created by  I made the whole thing from soup to nuts (with some feedback from the kiddos)!Colin McGraw 
  
  
  
  
 The AI is able to detect the user's need and pick the best option to respond to it.The interface is also sleek and very user-friendly. 
 Works-ish 
 We are proud of the result we could get for the amount of time in hand to develop. It was awesome to work with people we didn't know and discover that we easily shared tasks and how helpful we were to each other. 
 Family history is a big tent where everyone fits in. We feel blessed to expand that tent. 
 I’m proud that I finished building the app despite the challenges and was able to learn a new programming language (Javascript) along with many new technologies (Node.js, Express, MongoDB, Jade) in doing so. I feel that this is more than I ever could have learned in a classroom so I’m very grateful to have had the opportunity to participate. Built Withcontext.ioexpress.jsfoursquareherokujadejavascriptjquerymongodbnode.jsspotifyTry it outwww.mysteez.co      Submitted to    Context.IO App Challenge    Created by  Alexandra Bennett 
 Creating a bot, which will be helpful for sales representatives who are on Slack 
 We are all incredibly proud of Overhear because it's something we all plan to use. We took a real-world problem that we and others were having and, from top to bottom, designed and implemented a solution for it. Two of the three members had not used Go before, and none of us had much experience with websockets. Even with these technical shortcomings, we were able to improvise and learn the new tech stack as we developed.  
 Our system is fairly modular given the tight time frame. It gives us options to easily improve and expand the system. 
 We are extremely happy to have our Twenty Questions working very well. We probably have played the game over 50 times to make sure we don't hit any unexpected bug. We had multiple people in random play the game to get user feedback based on which we improved the application overtime. 
 The UI is beautiful and user-friendly. The Autocomplete feature from Google Maps is well integrated.The core algorithm is able to generate routes efficiently even for a big problem-size.The pdf generation is fully done in Javascript on the client-side 
  
  
 Literary, every download of the app means one more life to save. In addition, the App does machine learning when it excels after usage where it reaches a point of self learning that you only need to draw a single letter to find your contact. A great plus towards simple dialing while driving. 
 Learning how to not only implement the Google Maps API into an iOS app, but to send JSON after successful triangulation.Making a functioning Pebble app.Learning and programming apps in iOS/Swift and Pebble. Never programmed hardware before.Finding out very efficient tricks/workflows on Illustrator during the creative design process.Still awake!!Built Withadobe-illustratorhyperditheriosjavascriptpebblephotoshopswiftTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    WearHacks NYCWinner                Runner-up Software                  Created by  Worked on the Pebble app using PebbleJS framework.Rob YangI am a front-end developer who also loves amateur astronomy.I am the graphic designer for this project. It was my first hackathon and my first time designing for the Pebble. It was a very enlightening experience. I learned a lot about designing and creating for iOS and Pebble. Yvonne SantiagoMichael AngeloMy name is Michael Angelo I am a Developer, Designer, Singer/Songwriter, Gamer, and All-Around Good Guy.Steph ReavesMy name is Steph Reaves. I am a full stack developer, entrepreneur, and adventure enthusiast.  
 We created an excellent example of Internet of Things to make our lives around scheduling meetings at work easier, faster and way more fun. 
 Customers around the World.iGlobe was recognized as winner for Best International Developers 2015 Microsoft Office App Awards at Microsoft Worldwide Partner Conference (WPC) in Orlando. In all, Microsoft judges considered 110-plus top productivity solutions culled from hundreds of candidates across the Office Store, Azure Marketplace, and the Windows Phone, Android and iTunes stores. iGlobe won the award for “High-quality SharePoint CRM solution for users worldwide (in 5 languages), via intuitive tabs and Dashboard UI. Leverages native SharePoint infrastructure for simplicity and cost savings, and Excel for reporting.”iGlobe CRM Office 365 awarded two prices by FinancesOnline as Rising Start 2017 Award and Great User Experience 2017 Award. Team of experts from FinancesOnline works devotedly to examine hundreds of CRM Tools and we are very happy to be included in their best CRM software category. According to their experts iGlobe CRM Office 365 is a platform ready-to-integrate with Microsoft’s office suite. Instead of being a separate solution, this application simply becomes part of the larger Office 365 ecosystem, and fills in important productivity gaps.Focusing on the user, as a part of a team or individual, iGlobe CRM Office 365 extend the services offered by Microsoft Office 365 bringing them to the user and his teams anytime, anywhere from any O365 product on any device. Bringing the systems to the user promoting all Office 365 Services - Outlook, Office, SharePoint, Delve, Planner & Groups, Power BI & Flow. With iGlobe CRM you will get add-ins that realize the dream of one workplace, where one click will do the trick. An ability to work and collaborate in a workspace that drive engagement/collaboration and provides choices, where possible, on where and when to work.iGlobe CRM Office 365 is so easy and can be implemented and be ready for use in just 10 min.With Outlook-, Excel- and Word add-ins combined with a seamless integration to the Office 365 Planner, Teams, Groups, SharePoint  the iGlobe CRM is a true Office 365 extension. Work across teams and access e-mail, meetings, tasks, documents and pipeline through a simple dashboard.What's next for iGlobe CRM Office 365We are currently working on; improving the import function, Plug&Play Power BI integration, Power Apps, Enhancing Delve integration and always looking to improve the Office Add-ins. Built Withazurejavascriptmicrosoft-graphoffice-365office-365-rest-apioutlooksharepoint-onlineTry it outiglobecrm.comsway.comsway.comsway.comappsource.microsoft.comstore.office.comstore.office.comstore.office.comstore.office.combetterwith.office.com      Submitted to    Hack ProductivityHack Productivity 3Hack Productivity 4    Created by  Alon Ekelund 
  
 Successfully created my first Alexa Skill with APL. I know it had been out since October now, but i didn't get a chance to experiment with it until now. 
  
 We were able to include open data and provide users with valuable information about a topic that has been unaddressed and overlooked in our society. 
 There are accomplishments I should be proud of? 
  
 Solving the gameRunning it at Heroku platformCompletely creating Backend and Frontend applicationsUser Interface looking and feel.Everything well tested 
  
 As this was our first hackathon, building something like this definitely provided a boost in the confidence and knowledge gained can be used as an experience in other such hackathons. 
  
  
 Dynamic Addition of Levels/Opponents/QuestionsCan be scaled up pretty quickly. 
 Building our own live streaming system from scratch having a working application.  
 Developed a high-quality Andriod application from scratch and complemented it with Augmented Reality in a span of 20 hours.. 
 Syncing the video across so many devices. 
  
 we came up with great idea that everyone is passionate abouteveryone in the team works together, making use of each unique experience## What I learnedteamwork codinggraphic designbusiness modelmonetisation strategyWhat's next for Hangr - Good Friends in SecondsWe would like to increase our users to all over Indonesia, even to overseasWe want to find investors to fund our operation, especially to hire great time of software engineersBuilt WithapplicationhtmlmarvelpowerpointTry it outmarvelapp.com      Submitted to    #codeathon 2017: Technopreneurship for Gender Equality    Created by  I coordinated the team and compiled the pitch deckhangrI coordinated the team and compiled the pitch deckAlfan YusufI worked on the design and User Interface. Dani KeliatEntrepreneur & Adventureri worked as web development and operational officer.calvinatanaelDimas Razandi 
 The app is aesthetically pleasing, and everyone learned something. We wrote a LOT of code. 
 The integration a game in Trello space allowing member to play during free time, or breaks to get them recharged and motivated by giving a chance to win real prizes. because of the competitive aspect of Motifun, employees or collaborator would work harder to accomplish tasks in a in order to earn points. point that can be used to win real prizes. before time and with better quality to gain more points. Users will want to work faster because the prizes for each project are limited, and the first to finish work will be the first to have a chance on wining.  
 We accomplished a beautiful, seamless developer experience around sharing terminal sessions. We're proud of this because we believe it will enrich developer communities by making information and knowledge more accessible: imagine a git workshop, driven by this application. We're also proud that we use serverless and as a result, our users don't have to worry about failover, scaling or uptime – they just record, and it works. 
 yeah.  we managed to complete the project in time and learned new things. 
 Mainly I'm just happy that this project helped improve the safety of my home for my newborn daughter.  A recent study showed that every 5 minutes a child in the US falls down the stairs and is sent to the emergency room*.  If something like this could help prevent just one child from falling down the stairs it would be worth the incremental cost to existing baby gates. 
 We built this application and proud of the fact that were able to quickly build a working prototype in a very short time and the proof-of-concept already shows great potential and value to our prospective users 
 We were able to finish a simple but complete app in a short time doing a great team work. 
 Getting this done in a less than weekend.What we've learnedThat meteor is perfect for quickly building oauth based cloud integration and automation apps.What's next for R U Talking 2 Me?We hope that this "hubapp" and additional future hubapps will become, with the help of the meteor community, the basis for a meteor based open source integration platform that will drastically cut down the development time of advanced cloud extension, integration and automation apps, as meteor did for web development. We'd like the platform to eliminate most of the boilerplate code required by integration and automation apps, such as code that deals with one-way-sync, two-way-sync, webhooks and pulling, identity mapping, fields changed, data filtering and mapping UIs, and much more.Built Withgithubmeteor.jsrutalking2meslacktrelloTry it outrutalking2me.meteor.comgithub.com      Submitted to    Meteor Global Distributed Hackathon     Created by  Juan Manuel VergesRonen BabayoffJuan Sepulveda 
  
  
  
 A cool way to visualize different class seats within an airplane. Interesting VR interface 
  
  
  
 Overall this app is something we are sincerely proud of. I will list down a few milestones our team achieved.Building something that is super super intuitive to useUse of various different APIs like Clarifai, SendGrid and Exotel - thinking about use cases, and integrating them with the app within the short span of 30 hours!We wrote a search algorithm that searches a set of keywords against a huge set of keywords in a very small amount of time 
 Each of us is proud of something we did in the Hackathon: Ming Liang: Proud for implementing 1+ research papers in a day.Jet: Proud of learning adversarial attacks, web protocols and OpenCV.Bing Quan: We're proud of Bing Quan for teaching Jet and Bing Cheng web and pipelining most of the project. (He's asleep right now)Bing Cheng: We're proud of Bing Cheng for settling most of the user input data and user interface of the Chrome extension. (He's still working on it right now) 
 I'm pretty happy with all of it. 
  
 We are proud to learn new technologies and to successfully create a fully functional application.   
 After all challenges, seeing the app actually producing content dynamically was inspiring! 
 We are proud of CTF (McGill Computer Taskforce) united together as one to create a project we are proud of. As well, we are are also so thrilled to have to the chance to talk to 100 different people, make a working final product, and put our skills to the test to create something fantastic.  
 Everything! Air Compare allows you to compare Airbnb listings with nearby hotel searches but it also does so much more. By hooking in car rental prices, ride share (Lyft) estimates including travel time, hotel loyalty points programs and hotel amenities, it truly gives travelers the tools they need to create an amazing travel experience. There are countless sites and services that aggregate one facet of the travel experience, such as hotel or car, but we’re giving users insight into numerous areas that affect their trip in just one simple Chrome extension.  
  
  
 Finishing in time :) 
 Creating a platform with the potential of scaling globally as a solution to a challenge facing our world.Having the first version of our mobile app grow from a prototype to a functional minimum viable product(MVP) is an achievement. 
 I have never seen anybody else do it this way. I have seen people using external services, or Apache Tika for documents like PPT or PDF, but not for html.  
 Despite the barriers we faced, our team is proud to have created an end-to-end application with so little time. We are also proud to have had such attention to detail, even going as far as to implement complicated animations just to open a dialog in Android. What's next for CapriccioTry out Magenta!Magenta is an open source Python library that explores the role of machine learning in the process of creating art and music. It would be amazing to integrate Magenta into Capriccio, either to extend music by matching our inputs against a database, or to generate chord progressions to enhance a simple melody. Built WithandroidopencvpythonTry it outgithub.comgithub.com      Submitted to    Hack the North 2019    Created by  I developed the front end Android application in Kotlin using various libraries including Volley and GSON. David LuI love KotlinI worked on the Computer Vision aspect of the app. We used Grip (an OpenCV engine) to build and tune vision processing pipelines. Through this we were able to detect key features of music notes and denote where on the musical staff they lie.Ani SrikanthI create things, and I'm getting better at it.I worked on setting up communications between the android app client and the backend server using FlaskErick LeonI am a dev who likes to devI worked on computer vision (with OpenCV) and processing through Python to map the location of notes into tones and beats to be understood and played.Jason LiuUniversity of Waterloo CS/BBA 2023 
  
 Finally, I have transformed my thoughts and struggles which I have faced during automation into an fully working custom activity.  
 It works! It was touch and go for a while, but then we had a good run of things not failing. We managed to get in a few stretch goals (animations, nicer UI), missed a few (procedurally generated critters). 
 Why we are so proud of this application?Because we start with a small ideea of implementation, and we managed to develop a complex application in a very short time thanks to Appian.How we did the implementation?Firstly, we thought separatly and wrote on a paper the main actors and the ideas for the application. After that, we discussed which of the ideas are the best, and in the end we combined them on what you can see today.Why we choose this idea?Because we want to use only one application for different purposes, and Appian solved this problem. 
 Essentially created cheap Nest for people who needed it mostIf 75% of homes in Thailand with window A/C units were to adopt Hive: 32 Billion Thai Bath == 1 Billion USD in energy savings per year. Plus 4,635 MMTCDE less to worry about!!! 
 We’re really proud that we got to finish all the core features of the app. We were able to effectively use the Google Cloud Vision API,  set up the compiler / interpreter API’s, and create both a web and mobile app. 
  
 We manged to combine two separate open-source projects and add quite a bit of beauty to the project.  
  
 We've paid special attention to the usability and practicality, and we're quite happy with how our design has turned out to be. 
 Creating a web app that hundreds of people have already used and enjoyed. Making it to the point in my life / career that I can do cool things like this. 
 I was very happy with the end results of this project. In spite of having a full-time job and four kids, I was able to create something really cool and get it to actually work reasonably well in just a couple months. I have more ideas for future projects with this device and am excited to keep learning. 
  
 Definitely proud that The Emotion Journal actually works! You can record journal entries and receive real time emotional analysis! And we did it in one night :D  
 We are particularly proud of our real-time monitoring function and our mobile application. The real-time monitoring had high accuracy in many subjects, often even before baseline testing. We are also proud of our mobile application (JavaScript) and the fluidity of the UI.  
  
 We did a good job of deploying the chatbot to its own website as well as Facebook Messenger. Right now it's only accessible by developers on Facebook Messenger but we plan to publish it to public soon. 
 As far as we know, we are the first in the world to transact on the blockchain using a government issued ID. We are the first to sign transactions with a recognized, legally binding signature.We build it all in a little over one day. 
  
 This was the first hackathon of three of our four team members which caused some initial difficulty getting started, but we quickly came up with an idea and plan (even though it was severely altered later on). We are proud that the extension looks great and extremely professional. 
  
 Being able to finish this, make it pretty, and actually add all the advanced functionalities that we thought  were "nice to have" really, really, really makes us proud! Additionally, the accuracy of the data as well as the precision of the location really surprised us. 
  
  
  
 We have a fully functional application. :D 
 We are proud of the fact that we were able to produce a completely operational application accompanied by a fleshed-out website and a working firebase database. Inputting our information in the app, we were really able to see our website come to life over the past 24 hours, which is a really great feeling. 
 We made it. 
 High-fidelity motion control is intuitive and "feels" good - as though you are using "the force" to control an object. The motion capture is highly accurate and responsive.  
 Executing an idea into reality within a short time 
  
 We were able to make this game pretty much entirely within 9 hours. 
  
  
  
 GROOT is awesome and super easy to use. We're genuinely confident that it has the potential to increase happiness in the workplace, which is no easy task. 
  
 We are proud that we successfully combined react and webflow, launched the Remi dashboard in 48 hours, and that Remi can use multiple channels to reach out to users. 
 We are proud of our teamwork: both the tech and business parts were well analyzed, so we were able to differentiate ourselves from other teams in all aspects: from our tech slant approach to our pitching.It took some time for us to structure all the information in an interesting, pitch-friendly manner and to create a solution based on a complicated algorithm. However, as we allocated adequate resources to every challenge we aspired to solve, we were able to excel in all of our tasks. 
  
  
  
  
 i think the game looks more like an old pc game played in VR than a cardboard game 
  
  
  
  
 Can finish.Scan receipt. 
 Trying new tools for the first time! 
 This is my first office add-in build in a few hours. When I'll finish it our users will like it. 
  
 Two first-time hackers contributed some awesome work to the project!  
  
  
 We were able to get up and running with a basic version on iTunes store () that enables logging health timeline related information and collaborating within care circle. Here's list of features present in app store:Care Circle Collaboration: Chat and share health details with your Care Circle.Whiteboard integration: Consult and share reports with your care provider.Receive Location, Rule & Date based Reminders.Health Kit Integration.After that we started working on simplifying and prototyping the application which can be viewed at  . We believe that any solution has a life and its a learning stage for myHealth where our intention is to gather views , collaborate with experts towards making a positive change in healthcare society via our myHealth solution.  
 We used our knowledge from AP Physics to find an efficient solution to image processing. Firstly, each column was averaged. Then, the lightness and saturation were calculated from the image. One interesting thing we noted is that at each band on the resistor, the saturation value would spike. This would mean that all we would have to do is find the local maximas and then find the rgb values at those locations. However, this would occasionally produce false positives which were eliminated by using the lightness data. Whevener the lightness dropped, creating a local minima, this would indicate a band. This actually worked! 
 Some pretty bad hacks I'll never tell anybody about. But they we're cool. 
  
 Design own music and own game in 16 hours. 
 We finished our app and it works and it's fun to use. 
  
  
  
 The styling of the front end page, we are very proud of, creating a simple interface between profile, tasks, and leaderboard for users to see and interact with, making them all the more likely to use the app and become a part of their community. 
 iPlanner Pro is used all over the WorldThe architecture of the Add-in and the fact that we use Graph and Fabric UI makes it easier for us to act fast when Microsoft update the API allowing us to continuously add more features for our user.What's next for iPlanner Pro Outlook Add-inWe are currently waiting for an API update that will allow us to improve performance of the Add-inBuilt Withhtml5javascriptmicrosoft-graphvisual-studioTry it outplanner.iglobe.dkappsource.microsoft.com      Submitted to    Hack Productivity 3Hack Productivity 4    Created by  Alon EkelundSamaresh Das 
 I think this is a fun skill for the whole family to enjoy. It is great for non Australians that would like to explore animals they don’t necessarily know, and maybe would never see in person. Some preliminary beta testing was done, including with an Australian. The feedback suggests that this game will be awesome for Australian users who would like to play a game that is about wildlife in their country. Also I anticipate they will enjoy it because it includes a fun voiceover in an Australian accent. 
  
  
  
  
 We managed to get a proper layout design of the application and were able to integrate user, flight and airport data along with google maps API Integration efficiently and accurately.  
  
 Everything that we did we are proud of, but if we had to pick a few, it would be the ability for us to figure out openCV and how to use the clarifai to implement machine learning into our software. We are also incredable proud of figuring out how to use opencv on Linux Debian. 
  
  
 I'm most particularly proud of creating my first augmented reality app and being able to combine IoT with it. 
  
  
 We like how it turned out...  
 We managed to create a product that might solve a real problem. 
 We were able to take live video and count how many people there are on every frameWe were able to accomplish the basic use case of audio feedback about the user surroundings 
 The team had a very beneficial spectrum of skills. The team believes the project couldn't have been completed if any of the members weren't present. The learning curve was also challenging, but with enough time and focus, the team was able to learn the required skills to carry this project. 
 None of have ever worked with Heroku or the Messenger platform, and two of us never worked with Express before. So we're all very happy we were able to work with these new technologies and build out a bot that would easily be one of the better additions to the Facebook messenger platform. 
 Happy to see how many processes can be now implemented by the chat bot consultants and UI Path consultants. The DRUID chat bots can complete much more tasks, connecting via RPA to systems where it was not possible before.  With the Druid Trigger conversation activity available in UI Path Studio, you can now start conversation with no code. 
 Deploying a stable, system that I now use on a daily basis :) - with the hope of growing the user base as we add more features.Getting others excited about what I'm working in, especially when challenged w/ alternatives ways to do almost the same thing on other platforms - the "why would I use Taggrr and not X?" question. It took some time but I believe I have crystallized the unique value-add of Taggrr: creating shareable tags that you can name as you please; the tags are portable and so are accessible from all devices; and the tags allow you to group people, documents, events, anything! together in a way that we are already familiar with (we're constantly creating labels or folders for things we want to remember) and that closely resembles how many of us already implicitly organize the "data" in our minds. 
  
  
 Champollion 2.0 is starting to be famous in France now. Several newspapers and magazines have already published positive reviews. 
  
 A complete android app using Android Studio and integrating Watson. 
 Importing sound and the graphics of the 3d space field which are top notch gaurenteed. 
 We're super proud to have a working engine! There's only two of us, and there were several times when we very close to giving up, especially early on when we had ~3 lines of code after a good 6 hours! :PNow, we have implemented pretty much everything you need to write a standard text-based adventure game. 
 We're very proud by the very fact that this proof of concept is workable and we've gone around asking if people think that this is a problem worth solving. As expected, 79% of the interviewee thought that it was !! 
 We are very proud of our game, which we developed within a short amount of time. We managed to learn and integrate a brand new technology with our passion! Also, we couldn’t be more proud of our teamwork, which was the key for successfully developing our game. Everyone is our team made equal contributions and were dedicated to accomplish the tasks which was assigned to them.  
 We are very proud of the overall outcome of this app, the UI, the functionality, but most of all the purpose this app can serve to the 15 million Americans who have dietary allergens and even more who want to start viewing a healthier menU at their favorite restaurant. 
 Featuring on Producthunt :) YEAH!TOP 10 weather apps in the #USA! 
  
 I guess having so much recognition straight out of college was a little shock. having people tell you they know the system you built and that they love it, is one of the best sensations ever. 
 Binnacle is a tool everyone on our team would use. The central idea and its implications are what drove us to start on this road. Along the way, we have stumbled on a number of great ideas regarding features, monetization, and the interface. This is an application we're going to continue to work on, if for no other reason than we What's next for BinnacleOnce we have the central functionality in place (including a secure back-end which can support authentication), it's time to prepare for all of the data the app will collect. Built Withexpress.jsmongodbnode.jsreactTry it outgithub.combinnacle-app.herokuapp.com      Submitted to    ZipRecruiter Hackathon    Created by  Gus NordhielmMarina LupinAlex EspinozaSteven Peltzer 
 We created an MVP from the ground up in 24-36 hrs that has functioning components and an interactive UIAccurately diagnosing a common workplace/job related issue and creating something to better the interview selection process 
 Integration of oauth for twitter with the amazon alexa (Not hard coding keys). Implementation of random text input in order to perform tweets and text messages.   
 We made a website and we finished our hack! 
 Well, it LEVITATES. 
 We built a useful utility which feels at home in the shell. We bundled a web server and familiar search-based web interface, so that average users need not know the shell is even there 
  
  
 The application was really done in less than 48 hours and it was our first time to use react so we're so proud of the results! 
 Being my first Alexa skill, I'm proud that I stuck with my original idea and managed to figure out an implementation of the game for Alexa.What's next for 3 6 9A high score tracker Nothing much more. I will be looking to developing new Alexa Skills hoping to use the Echo buttons. Thank you for reading! Hope you have a great rest of the day! Built Withamazon-web-servicesjavascriptlambdaTry it outwww.alexaskillstore.com      Submitted to    Alexa Skills Challenge: KidsWinner                Finalist Prize                  Created by  Hyunrae Kim 
 You can actually authenticate with your phone locked AND in your pocket.  It actually is a 0 effort solution! 
 HTMLHint is an amazing code analysis tool that aids code review and refinement. We were very fortunate to work on a powerful tool that has an promising potential. HTMLHint is a project built in JavaScript and we were able to update the project to improve legacy code and add support for future improvement to the tool's functionality. We were able to file many pull requests on HTMLHint as well as fix and resolve project issues that had been pending for a long time whilst also implementing functionality for new features and a website.Closed issues:#281 Deliver HTMLHint via CDN#316 Create version of HTMLHint for the browser only#313 move snyk to devDependenciesOpened issues:#334 make site with jekyll for htmlhint.io#323 Add alt-require as a default ruleMerged Pull Requests:#325 Migrate to Webpack & ES6 modules#322 feat(htmlhint): add new rule for whitespace in attributes (#310)#327 fix: missing test cases#328 fix(htmlhint): add ability to pass regexp in config#331 fix(htmlhint): added rule for special characters in tag name (#146)#332 feat(htmlhint): added attribute sorting (#309)#333 Attr value single quotesClosed Pull Requests:#326 feat(htmlhint): added rule for sorting attributes (#309)#329 Invalid tag characters 
 It works! And the accuracy is actually pretty good. If there's one person in the group that's laughing, the gun will aim at that person and shoot.The gun also makes fake movements, just to freak the players out - you really don't know if it's going to hit you or not! 
 ProductWe are proud to build a product with strong future applications and positive implications towards the society. Deep learning for cancer detection is such a fascinating field that illustrates the combination of two seemingly irrelevant areas. NYU has taught us the importance of critical thinking and cross-thinking, and we are grateful for the analytical skills as well as technical skills we manage to gain and apply. We will definitely continue exploring the field, building a version beyond the current Hackathon and bringing some positive changes to the society.   TechnologyWe have learned more about deep learning, in terms of structure and applications. The experiential learning experience enables us to apply what we're taught in school, mentors and workshops provide us with more timely advice on the product and the time constraint pushes us beyond our comfort zone (and procrastination).   TeamworkThe most importance accomplishment in the journey is the great teamwork. We literally formed the team 10min before the official start of the hackathon, and are presently surprised that we complement each other in terms of skill sets. As a three-man team, we worked coherently -Yichen did the complex algorithm, Shining built the website and user interface, and Yamei wrote the content. Although our team is smaller, we are proud that we made new friends and built LCD together within the past 2 days.   
  
  
 First and foremost, we are proud of putting together an application that leverages a number of technologies that we had never used before (Lex, DynamoDB, Slack API, Lambda) in a short period of time.  We've grown as developers, and some would say, as people. *cue awws from the audience*We were also proud of how we implemented state management with DynamoDB, storing interim event data to allow us to reliably poll users for input inside or outside of intents without accidentally invoking another intent or triggering a Lambda function.  Once we were able to control state flow, we didn't have to worry about how making our Lex interactions less "bot-like" might affect MyMusicMate's behavior.We're also pretty happy with our concert queue/voting logic.  Ultimately we wanted to give users the highest chance of coming to an agreement on which concert to go to, and this meant giving enough of a variety of concerts, setting the proper threshold for keeping or discarding events, and allowing just enough rounds of voting necessary to make a refined decision without getting stuck in a voting loop. 
 I'm really proud of this project, as I was very excited to work on a project involving Tree Traversals, Trello API, and learned a few ECMAScript6 tricks that I could use for the next party ;).I'm also thrilled to join this hackathon and work on a project that I really like.  What's next for TreeView for TrelloI hope to continue this project for my own learning and also for the potential users of this powerup. Here are some of the things in mind that I plan to continue working on for TreeView for Trello.Card or list duplication/archiving using the treeBuilt Withcsscss3dreamshopeshtmljavascriptjsonlovesasstrelloTry it outtrello.com      Submitted to    Atlassian Codegeist 2017    Created by  this.me.code();Jobo Danque 
  
  
  
  
 I am proud that I was able to complete my first Azure IoT project that addresses one of the foremost issues facing the entire planet. I hope I am able to continue this and would be thankful even if this solution is able to produce the smallest benefit to any community. 
  
 Learning Blender and Unity 
  
 Understanding the jargon of the various services we used. Self teaching ourselves mobile app development concepts.What's next for CANiEatThisAdding a way to recognize which foods can or cannot be eaten given medical conditions of the user (from a database).Using fatsecret's js library to find more specific information about the foods that we can look up (as opposed to using a Java library, which does not give as much detail).Adding a more interactive U.I, where the user can tap on each food returned by the image recognition, to view more details.Training the IBM-Watson AI for more accurate results.Built Withandroidandroid-studiofatsecretibm-watsonjavajsonxmlTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    ConUHacks III    Created by  Yu Ting GuzerfuthEric Vuongj-chenn 
  
 I managed to get the data from my Arduino sensors, to my RPI, then to my meteor server and show the sensor feeds into charts. I wasn't sure I could get there in time, but my best friend google helped me out a lot to learn the pieces I was missing on meteor/javascript/etc.Also I load only the feed data on demand so there is not a huge initial transfer.I'm not too sad about the look of the app, the login screen look good, and the feed screen is okay. Lacking functionality though. 
  Scraping online lyric resources without a dedicated API Implementing a functioning RESTful API Analyzing and learning from over 7,000 lines of lyrics  
 I was able to reuse a lot of the JS I wrote for my headline / spammyness checker projects. Yay for reusability! I'm also proud of the borderless text boxes with mouseovers. I think they make the experience a lot better. 
 As my first real project and product, I think it was a very good step. I think I was able to take a concept and deliver it into a professional looking app (I hope...). The idea I felt was novel and I think definitely was my eye-opener into app development and then I think to computer science in general. Overall, I think my proudest aspect would be the look of the game, in my opinion, it is beautiful and especially on the right device; and I feel it is a true product. 
 We were thrilled to get the application up and running at the level it is at. Two of our team members were first-time hackathon participants, so there was a lot of explanation and instruction along with writing code and fleshing out the idea. However, we were happy that we were able to take a large static data set and actually create something of immediate use for those concerned about theirs, or their families safety when travelling. We also are very excited about the various ways in which we can scale our idea. Future Scalability and Usage of VeriRoute:VeriRoute was designed in such a way that it can be scaled for a larger and larger area based on the amount of information in a given CSV file. As more and more CSV data is provided to us by EverQuote, more and more accurate routing predictions will be given by VeriRoute. Also, increasing the amount of  comprehensive crime data around the U.S fed to VeriQuote will provide it with a means to provide more accurate routing predictions.International Scalability can be achieved as well, provided that accurate crime data in the nation is released to the general public.Built Withbootstrapcssd3.jsgoogle-placeshtmljavascriptleaflet.jsmapquest-directionsTry it outwww.github.com      Submitted to    HackDartmouth III    Created by  I helped work on the API Integration with MapQuest using JSON,JavaScipt and the Leaflet framework for JS, and write the CSS for the site.I learned a ton about API Usage while working,and strengthened my bases in CSS which was awesomeAnurag AkkirajuI helped work on the data analytics to contextualize each route, and specifically assisted in designing the algorithm to compile the safety metric. I also dabbled in some of the front-end development, and learned a ton about API usage, web development, and design.Josh SuretteInterested in big data analytics, particularly in the application of computational biologySumanth Reddy PandugulaSai Priya Jyothula 
 Clustering algorithm: we managed to find a good match between emotions and songs/movies. User Interface: interactive webapp in which user can login with his/her Spotify account and see the list of suggested movies.Functioning prototype that could explain our basic idea. 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 The pivot. This may also help with context.io rate limits, as these will ideally only be email-to-be-displayed that people want to share with others. (Hopefully not spam.) 
  
 We successfully developed algorithms to manage WRCs using less variables and minimum transactions for the issuance of WRCs which will cut off a significant transaction cost. Everything is on blockchain so no tampering of data can be done. Only the important parameters are stored which makes the blockchain lighter. 
 We’re really proud that we were able to incorporate so many interesting pieces of technology without losing focus of our goal.The use of Cloud APIs to perform object detection allows us to return meaningful tags to help improve the users experience when trying to describe the application. 
 Working together as a team with different components assigned to everyone was the main challenge which worked out pretty well. We used Victory for getting the graphs which was very new to us. 
 Being able to incorporate hardware like the arduino to support our ideas. 
 Functional proof of concept in less than 48 hrsWhat's next for Personal Interpreter for instant translationsNative appImproved OCRSuggested responses with option for text to speech in conversation modeWorking proof of conceptDemo currently only works in Chrome for PC and Android Deviceshttps://sato.learncube.com/Built Withcanvasgoogle-translatejqueryttswebrtcTry it outsato.learncube.com      Submitted to    Techfugees Australia     Created by  Dan O'ReillyFull stack developer with strong interest in EdtechAmitabh Rajouria 
  
  
 A functional program that hopefully many others will use regularly. 
 As the developers of MoodAmigo we're proud of having achieved a step towards helping depressive people improve their life by using our service. MoodAmigo's unique benefit lies in acting as a gateway to successful depression treatment by involving family & friends. 
 We're very proud of our handcrafted ML model and opencv algorithm, and our intuitive and sleek UI. 
  
 We're proud to build something of tremendous value for the defi ecosystem. This off-boarding ramp helps secondary users like our family members -- They simply sign up for a Coinbase account and give us their ETH address. We can take care of the rest - peacefully knowing that if anything happens, our family will be taken care of. In only 2 weeks, our team was able to dig deep, and deliver a strong prototype of what DC can do. What's next for Defi CustodyLiquidation tools would turbocharge DC. Imagine trying to pass down your synthetic assets to your heirs after you die.  Future iterations of DC would allow users to liquidate their assets back into a common asset like ETH before sending it to their heir's wallet. Transferring NFT's would be useful too, all that land you own on Decentraland needs to get passed down too!Built WithothersolidityTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    Kyber DeFi Virtual Hackathon    Created by  Defi CustodyDefi Custodytommyz7IlgizJack BarreraPedro Sousa Grilo 
 I'm proud of learning and getting a finished first version of both the plugin and the extension out in about 20 days. 
 We've got a good looking user similarity graph, which will help inform decisions about ride-sharing. We put 12 million data points worth of data in a web browser. 
 I'm proud of our team for hacking on an arduino with no previous experience. We finished the project within the allotted time and it turned out to be even cooler than we had expected. 
 We built a hack that uses IRC and lived to tell the tale! 
  
 Definitely that the web app looks great and actually has almost all of the functionalities that we had aimed to create! More importantly, we're proud of how well our team worked together to solve problems and help each other learn.Built Withadobe-illustratorcss3express.jshtml5javascriptjqueryjsonlinuxnode.jsphotoshopsocket.ioubuntuTry it outhackatbrown.cathy-chen.com      Submitted to    Hack@Brown 2016Winner                Best Overall                  Created by  I deployed our app on a Linux server, and helped with Node.js. As well, I implemented the UI elements and ensured that all the code was integrated properly. Cathy ChenI built the client-facing code which keeps track of the graph data, renders the graph and is responsible for the three functions that the user can use (add node, add edge, vote). I also combined the client-facing code with the server-facing code that Felix created, resulting in the working product.Zheng TaoI was responsible for designing our product (UI/UX). I also did the front-end dev (HTML/CSS).Jona ChoProduct DesignerI wrote the backend (server) code and learned (and implemented) socket.io for real time updating between the server and multiple simultaneous users.Felix Merk 
  
 Actually finishing the hack despite the hurdles with Muse. Also, we were very happy with the UI design and the overall concept/social application of the hack. 
  
  
  
  
  
 There was a problem and we solved it. We are proud of it no matter what. 
  
 many kinds file format supporteasy an intuitive operation support for mouse and touchgreat support for gif animated pictures 
 We were able to finish a feature-complete project in just 2 days while also learning several new technologies!  Getting AWS Lambda functions to work was also exciting due to the cost savings of this type of development and use cases with scalable computing. 
 It works.It works on a RaspberryPi. 
  
 -Finishing a fairly complex hardware project with time to spare-Working around dozens of obstacles-Programming the software to control the system with no prior experience in JavaScript or Node.js-Not messing up in the last five hours 
 While we realize Switter isn’t at the stage it needs to be at to make the impact we want it to, we’re thrilled to have completed an MVP of our vision and have something that we can demo and get useful feedback from. It was also awesome to find such a great team just through the HackHarvard group. What's next for SwitterWe believe Switter can play a real role in informal finance education, but to get to that point it needs to become more of a generalized learning platform. Here’s what we have in mind:Expand the number of news and social media sources used for displaying sentiment about different companiesAdd an extensive “resources” section with embedded videos and learning modules for financial educationTest the idea of a “mock investing” section with users to see if that would be a big enough benefit to justify its developmentBuilt Withamazon-web-servicesbootstrapchart.jsexpress.jshpemongodbnode.jsreactreduxtwitteryahoo-query-languageTry it outgithub.comgithub.com      Submitted to    HackHarvard 2016    Created by  Austin HubbellJason RamettaBusiness StudentHassan AliI write poetry for a living #codeDhron Joshics @uwaterloo 
 Not too many atm  
  
  
  
  
  
 The safety information which preserved reservation is uploaded automatically at the time of the internet recovery. 
 Though this system is focused on the shelter managers to use at this time, this application is also designed for easy and immediate use of everyone(ex.: volunteer team, back-end team) without make limitation for any scale of teams and groups.What's next for InstantCall-Use Presence Insights service-Provide screens for iPhone.Built Withbluemixgoogle-streetviewibeaconibm-watsoniosjquerymapmysqlnode.jsphptwiliotwitter      Submitted to    Bluemixathon: Operation Rescue & RecoveryWinner                Bluemixathon Category Runner-up Awards – Groups and Relief Organizations              Winner                Fan Favorite – Groups and Relief Organizations                  Created by  hinoya 
  
  
  
  
  
 Learning new technologies in a few short hours. Amazing team work between strangers (though this was so effortless, it almost can't be considered an accomplishment). Kickstarting I (Margaret) and John's acting careers, and Vince's directing/producing/writing career (kidding). 
 Making a rad-ass musical instrument. 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 Mobile development 
 First of all, we incorporated 3 different apis: MasterCard api for the payment, Esri for map view and Gimbal for geo-location and geo-fencing. Out of all, our biggest accomplishment is the video view laid on top of the Esri map api in a bitmap drawable with real-time information. 
  
  
 Managed to learn a new language in under 24 hours and produce a substantial project of the form of an online game for chemical edification and fun. 
  
 Finding a holistic solution to solve our challenges was the things we are proud of. 
 Finished minimum viable product and we use industry leading best practices to ensure quality in the repository.This was everyone' first time contributing to open source, and we built a fully functioning Python module publicly available on PyPI. 
 The feat we are most proud of is our ability to complete our ambitious goal of real-time surveillance in such a short period of time despite running into various major bugs in our code. Although we spent many hours debugging issues in our code, being able to make our code efficient was a very eye-opening experience and something we will cherish for a long time. 
 Getting three product examples up and running: industrial-style shelves, cylindrical glassware, and white plates. The white plates are particularly interesting because I used a "roundness" parameter to sort plates that range from circular to square. 
 Creating a function out of an APIUsing git and GitHub collaboratively 
 Creating a prototype by the end of 24 hours.Built Withandroidaugmented-realityionicjavascriptTry it outdrive.google.com      Submitted to    TAMU Diversity  Accessibility Hackathon    Created by  Karunanidhi DevanidhiEnthusiastic Full Stack Developer with a big passion for developing innovative internet(Web, Mobile, Bots, etc.) applications !! 
 Creating a project at our first Hackathon! 
 We are proud of being able to bring together all the citizens of Indore on a common platform where they can share the happenings of their city and concerns with people who would actually understand them. The government can also use our app to help the citizens. 
 We are especially proud of the separation of our code between the client and the server. Everything is general enough to allow us to add more features in the future. 
 Winner of the first ever Ford SYNC Applink "Connected Car - Connected City App Pursuit Challenge hackathon beating over 169 companies. (Oodles Rewards previously known as FuelSignal). Successfully raising seed round after winning Ford hackathon. Please note that our previous hackathon was not in anyway affiliated with Devpost. App Pursuit Challenge Winner: http://bit.ly/2OodlesRewardsLA Autoshow Hackathon Winner:  http://bit.ly/OodlesFuelsignaliOS Oodles test phase app integrated with Ford Sync (connect to a Ford vehicle): http://bit.ly/OodlesDropbox  and/or https://i.diawi.com/CC674kVideo DEMO: Oodles test phase app Integrated with Ford: http://bit.ly/OodlesFordDemo 
 We managed to have a fully functional app hosted on the cloud with few «prototyping» restraints, the app has a real use and we explored new techs we didn't have much experience with which was a good occasion learn.  
  
  
 Using React and Redux, and the technology we've already developed for other Arijea products, we were able to take Easy Agile Roadmaps from concept to launch in just over ten days. Also, ensuring we designed the roadmap around the JIRA Software API reduced complexity and allowed us to ship a serverless add-on. Being entirely hosted on CloudFront ensures that Easy Agile Roadmaps loads as fast as possible for everyone, no matter where they are in the world. 
 I made the game! 
 The whole thing. The level of polish we managed is far higher than what we expected to achieve.  
  
 When it comes to Voice User Experiences (VUX), ensuring that your Skill can react correctly to users' requests is extremely important. Humans phrase things in a myriad of ways and natural language processing (NLP) doesn't always translate a user's speech into a perfectly-matching Skill Slot Value. To account for this, I did two things. First, I added an utterance to allow a user to get a list of supported sounds, allowing them to hear an example of what the Skill expects them to say. But more importantly, I created a function to take in a potential slot value, cast it into lowercase-only characters, then cross-check it against a list of manually-made variations based on different ways that I could envision myself talking to the Skill. The result was over 130 variations of ways to say 13 different sounds. 
  
 We built it during a two day Hackathon :) 
  
  
 It was also a challenge to create small pieces of functionalities and, in the end, link them all up and discover that it's actually working (minor tweaks involved). So this is a definite plus for our team :)Major plus: getting all the info we need from AD (LDAP), Redmine and MakeItSoftware. 
  
 Rather high accuracy of human movements recognition (in an ideal situation - about 96%. in real - ~83%)Fully working behaviour (it really works as expected :D)Combining multiple technologies in single app to achieve our goalOur own dataset!  
 Being able to program the enemies and bunnies. 
 I am definitely proud of the work we have done in this project and the outcome of the project. I believe this skill is making changes in the way students learn to code. 
 Users can easily arrange 1:1 meeting than other tools (Outlook, Google apps) with their mobile phone. It reduce their daily tasks and make time to do other things. 
 The SonarQube plug-in for Bitbucket provides two authentication modes to create pull request comments for the found code issues: OAuth and Bitbucket's team API key.  
 Well, I guess it's always very satisfying to connect applications and environments that are not natively connected. In this special case, it's even more satisfying because both Atlassian products and Microsoft Office 365 are very popular. 
  
 Being able to run animations over bluetooth in such a short period of time.What's Next ?Mass production of the table to the relevant clientele!Built Withandroidandroid-studioarduinoglediatorTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    MHacks NanoWinner                Top 12              Winner                All Submissions                  Created by  Electronics Hardware and Table Concept and DesignAkshay Bawejahttp://akshaybaweja.comAndroid DevAmanjeet SinghAndroid enthusiastBhagat SinghJasmine Sodhi 
 The accuracy of the stitching algorithm that we came up in a very short time, our benchmarking utility to measure the accuracy of any stream, the end-to-end solution we built, and our creative presentation "with captions instead of usual audio" 
 This addon was developed due to real customer needs. after developing the addon, they were happy to be used as beta sites. their reaction was very good, and they have reported it changed the way the did planning with Jira. Happy customers are always a good sign. 
 A model to bring all teams closely together as well as Hajj organizations looking to enhance the Hajj user experience.Strong team communications and spirit.Learned several technologies and shared good feedback within the team or with other teams.Breaking the Gunnies Book of Record for largest Hackathon along other fellow participants. 
  
  
 Learning Android development (both mobile and wear), Presto API.  
 It is fully functional. 
  
  
  
 It can send and receive messages, ask for authentication, and allow the doctor to access to the patient data with proper permissions. 
 We have done it in a short time. Sometimes its working =) 
  
 I used this component at my company and created in 3 minutes 200 mails with customized attachment from a shared mailbox. It was used in a demo presented by to the CEO of KBC AM  link. This was more robust and much faster than using the outlook GUI and create new mail with copy and paste.I added the component to the uipath gallery and I'm proud it is the most downloaded custom components. 
  
  
  
  
  
 We are proud to have a project version running before the submission deadline.  
 Developed an end-to-end machine learning product who's parameters can be adjusted by the end-user. 
  
  
 We made it - skill looks sound and looks great (organically tested with parents and their kids) 
  
  
 Creating something that might inspired the next generation of computer programmers. 
 It works as planned with small difficulties. 
  
 We are proud of all the research we have done and the result that yielded from it for the project. We have not only planned out functionalities but also thorough design guides. It's also fun to tackle React Native as a framework that no teammates of ours are very familiar with. We also were able to incorporate Google Vision API and link it with our camera to return us the correct results. The team dynamic is great and everyone in our team contributed solid amounts to our final product which is quite exciting. We made the effort in stepping out of our comfort zone and built out the MVP that we envisioned eventually.  
  
 We're proud of building a super inexpensive flood sensor (< $15) excluding the Dragonboard. Comparatively, the large flood detectors used today would be hundreds or thousands of times more expensive than our solution with the Dragonboard. We're also proud of learning serverless architecture and plan to use it in future hackathons. 
 Built the most innovative UI for kids to say Hello World! in Deep LearningHow we worked as a team to make an end to end product2 first time hackathoners (2 full-time moms) together with experienced developers managed to wrap a projectBuilt for Hour of Code movement, where millions of children can code their first Neural NetEven had in-person user interview with our kid guest :) 
 Having developed a chat bot which could save user's time during frequent activities like mobile recharge, bill payments, etc. Understanding new technologies (Python, AWS) in a short time. 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 Creating my own code to parse through XML in Ruby and extract the needed information from HTTP requestsDeveloping algorithms that can correct for the limited accuracy of urine test-strips versus blood-testing, allowing for close to 95% correlation between the two methods of testing.Building custom fuzzy-match codes for medical- and diabetes-specific user inputs 
  
  
  
 The procedure to decrypt user passwords is secure end-to-end, with HTTPS for communication for the key/audio, Knurld for user verification and password encryption on the machine to secure them. Most popular password managers store encrypted passwords with themselves, which some users may not like.We, however, store the passwords on the client device only, so there isn’t any scope of compromising passwords from our end.WorkflowThe person installs Magnacle through chrome app-store.Magnacle requires the user to do an initial registration , providing username, a password and their voice.Then, the user logs into the extension using their username and password, so as to get the access token which authorizes their machine to allow voice authorization from that accountThis data is removed from the client's side and only their username and access token remains on their machine. The server contains username, password, and access-token to cross check in its database.Now whenever the user opens Chrome later on the machine in which they had logged in (ie, machine with the access token), he/she can open our extension and authenticate using their voice.If the authentication is successful, the client is given the key with which the password-data has been encrypted on their machine. In case nothing has been encrypted, Magnacle  requests a new key from the server The server then produces a random key and stored the key against the user account's record in its database. The client, then, stores the key on their machine (for that session).Magnacle works normally, that is, it provides auto-fill for websites that are already hashed in the local storage, and provides the option to do so on new websites.When the user closes Chrome or it crashes, Magnacle removes the key from the local storage. Now, the local storage once again contains username, access token and the encrypted password files.The server database contains username, master password, last valid access token (or null), last valid key, consumer-ID (for Knurld).In case the user logs out from Magnacle at any point of time, their access token and encryption key are removed, thus making the stored passwords uncrackable (as they are encrypted, and the key is note stored on the machine after this step). 
 First and foremost, as a seasoned team that has has won and mentored at many hackathons, including LA Hacks, HS Hacks I and II, Los Altos Hacks, and more, we welcomed other teams to ask us any questions they had and we were more than happy to set aside our own project when necessary and help out younger hackers. We love the hacker community, and we want to see it grow :).Our team is extremely happy with the results of our hack. We were working with systems that were extremely high level, such as OpenCV for visual recognition, gyroscopic sensors, and audio recognition for commands. Although there were aspects of this hack where we unfortunately could not get to function, we realize that this is just an** MVP (Minimum Viable Product) **which is an essential first step in creating a small business that creates a revolutionary product. Since all members of our hacking team are extremely proud and passionate of this product, we are sure to take the lessons and accomplishments from this hackathon and apply it to further refinement of our product. 
  
  
  
  
  
 Our program has a lot of features one would expect from a professional physical therapy session. For instance, each orientation command given during game-play will not repeat twice - thereby eliminated muscle overuse. Furthermore, we know that the heart of therapy lies in multiple sessions so we have imputed functionality that increases the constraints to our stretches as the weeks go by, essentially making the exercises more strenuous as you are regaining mobility. Post rehab, clinicians can analyze collected statistics that show the number of days taken to reach full muscle ability (i.e. max score). Here they can ensure that the patient's recovery proceeded on the correct time scale by comparing to the mean recovery time.Implications of LeapMedConsidering the time saved from outpatient clinic visits, both for the patient and the medical professional, not to mention the insurance cost savings, hospitals can adopt this solution and rent it out to patients undergoing light physical therapy or use it as a method to keep patients exercising at home. This decreases co-pay costs for patients and opens up the schedules of physicians.Built Withguijavaleap-motionnetbeans      Submitted to    MedHacksWinner                Best Leap Motion Hack                  Created by  I worked on some of the initial logic for vector modelling and contributed to game design.Victor WangI worked on the research, business and marketing aspects of development as well as perfecting the consumer experience. Look out for our app on the LeapStore!Himanshu DashoraI worked on setting up the GUI that included the tutorial and the game itself. Benjamin PikusWorked on GUI design elements and logic for the programming.  Parth SinghThe majority of the programming, some of vector modelling, and some of the overall planning for the projectRahul YerrabelliAdam Polevoy 
 We finished a working prototype that lets users borrow and lend mobile data. This is what we set out to do!We're also especially happy with our UI, which allows users to easily use the application - there's a single page, the user has to click on a button, and they're off to the races. Our data analytics page is also pretty unique. We show traffic data for each node in a dynamic graph that updates in real time. 
 TODO 
  
 We are proud that we have introduced a new way of reading the news. What's next for MapMyNewsMapMyNews will integrate facebook and twitter feeds and display based on location. Also, we are planning to incorporate location-based advertisements as a part of our business model.Built Withajaxbootstrapchart.jscss3google-mapshtml5ibm-watsonjavascriptjquerynew-york-timesTry it outmapmyfeed.mybluemix.net      Submitted to    HackRice 6Winner                IBM: Best Use of IoT                  Created by  I designed the architecture of this webapp and selected the appropriate technologies for the development. I worked on the front end and was responsible for the data analysis and representing them accordingly in graphs. Naveen ManoharanGraduate Student pursuing Masters in Computer Science at University of Houston - Clear Lake. Full stack Web Developer.I coded the  data flow within the Single Page Application . I also worked with IBM Watson API as well as The New York Times News API . I did Parsing with them . I worked with Google Maps and also did heavy parts of Data Modeling for the project . Pujan  Paudel 
 I managed to get Socket.io-p2p working, something that as far as I can work out, not that many people have done. It ended up being a great wrapper for WebRTC, but the documentation really needs work. I've started on making an example of how to do media streaming over it, which I plan to submit a pull request for as this is something totally undocumented as of right now. 
  
  
  
 Google Material Design and Google Maps ApiWhat's next for SmartCabBlockchain based Risk Management is a very nascent field. But it provides tremendous hope and opportunity. I plan on pursuing this as P2P finance can create a more Egalitarian TaxiCab Sharing ecosystem that rewards taxi cab drivers, passengers and Car Manufactures.This model can work in Morocco, Mumbai and Mexico City. It is globally scalable. Built Withblockchainbluemixibmmeteor.jsnode.js      Submitted to    Ford Code for Taxicabs Mobility ChallengeWinner                Second Prize                  Created by  Chaitanya Amin 
  
  
 That it produces very pretty pictures rather quickly and the website is streamlined for the best possible user experience. 
  
 It's under 100 lines of code and took less than 6 hours. I hope it's an accessible project for anyone getting started with Meteor. There are some similar services available but none written in Meteor or as simple to use. 
  
 Doing something that's never done before.  Several Cisco experts told me what I wanted to do wasn't possible.  Splunk helped me prove them wrong.  Innovation is a AAA core belief and Splunk enabled me to be innovative in a way I couldn't image. 
  
  
  
 Being able to do this 
 Being able to detect a handshake, exchange contact info like name, emails, but also compute the level of interest of the person you connected to (by using heartbeat sensor) 
 Learning MYScript JS api and making a full fledged app 
  
  
  
 The simplicity and ease of use of the app particular to the needs of our user group.  
 Learning some CV stuff, simplifying the pipelines I saw online by a lot and getting better performance (binary thresholds are great), getting a surprisingly usable system.Cool emergent things like combining pieces of paper + the side ideas I mention below. 
  
  
 We're proud that we even had the courage to take on such an ambitious project for which the technology was completely foreign to us, and we had to learn everything from scratch. 
  
  
 We reverse engineered the Bing real-time Speech Recognition API to create a Node.js library. We also added support for partial audio frame streaming for voice recognition.We applied transfer learning from Deep Convolutional Generative Adversarial Networks and implemented constraints on its gradients and weights to customize user inputs for synthesis of fashion designs.Creating a Python-Node.js stack which works asynchronously with our machine learning pipeline 
 Kids and parents alike seem to really enjoy this skill. I tested it on a small focus group and it was beautiful to see how responsive the kids were, how naturally they engaged in the conversation and how much they enjoyed having Lexy listen to them. They interacted with the skill for a couple hours (!) and I'm really satisfied with how they believed Lexy was real and the pleasure they took in challenging her with many different cases. The best feedback was seeing their hilarious reactions whenever Lexy ruled. I was very pleased at how engaged the kids became even though there were no screens or any visual images involved. 
 we can make a full vulnerability scan with ZAP using our application;we can create Redmine issues for your project when the scan is complete;we've styled the Laravel Nova dashboard to be really really cool ;) 
  
 The fact that we could achieve a substantial version 1 of the project in a very short period of time irrespective of the blockers we faced is a great accomplishment for The Alphex Team 
  
 It works and it got accepted in the Alexa skill store in US, UK, India, Canada and Australia. :-)What's next for Med PalWe really want to add a feature which allows doctors to keep a track of their patients and send them a report accordingly and also to book an appointments and visits to the doctors.Built Withalexaamazon-dynamodbamazon-web-servicesjavascriptlambdanode.jsTry it outgithub.comwww.amazon.comwww.amazon.inwww.amazon.co.ukwww.amazon.cawww.amazon.com.au      Submitted to    Alexa Skills Challenge: Tech for GoodServerless Apps for Social Good    Created by  Sayak Kundu 
 Making a nice little application that can bring some cuteness to people. 
 We were able to design functions to identify, iterate through, highlight and interact with specific elements using Selenium.We were able to implement facial gesture recognition only using the desktop’s webcam and without the use of any other external hardware such as LeapMotion.  
  
 Although we made a 3 phase plan to keep updating the extension starting from a MVP to tying in Bits later, we were told to get approved we would need to do up to Phase 3 from the beginning. We successfully got approval and got it live. We have yet to really fully roll out, but already we are excited it can help streamers, especially US streamers who are new to the mission culture grow their streams. 
 Bringing forth a completely unique experience to users in hopes to connect people across the world and spread culture far and wide. 
  
 The platform that we developed now can easily be deployed to full-scale building with just a bigger amount of time then 2 days. Current prototype can show main functionality for user and demonstrate how vehicles and stations will interact. 
 tl;dr -> It works!We have used some technologies that we hadn't use before and the results are pretty accurate. 
  
 This is a tool that I use myself everyday and saves me time, so any time it saves other users is a bonus! 
 We completed a successful beta with the National Brain Tumor Society and are going live with their entire community this month. Also, without any outbound efforts, we were able to identify five additional groups that are interested in using the platform.What's next for Clinical Trial FinderWe hope to onboard as many organizations as possible to the platform on our mission to accelerate the development of cures and therapies.Built Withclinicaltrials.govruby-on-railsTry it outtrials.braintumor.orggithub.com      Submitted to    GE Health Cloud Innovation Challenge    Created by  Michael WengerHannah OppenheimerLaura Wenger 
 Getting a good final product at our first hackathon. 
 It took 2 days to get the proof-of-concept working, synapses and all. I finished the screencast 6 days after starting this project. I think this helps make my case that this is practical.I'm glad I found a way to make it fast. The way NuPIC works, I wasn't sure I'd find a way. The solution: redesign ComportexViz a little bit, so that toggling synapse-saving is part of using it.Built WithclojurescriptpythonTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    Numenta HTM ChallengeWinner                Innovation Prize: Muse & SmartThings kit                  Created by  Marcus LewisFanboy of @waitbutwhy 
 Having gone into this hackathon with no experience in augmented reality or Unity, we are all immensely proud of how far we were able to take this app, and we're thrilled with the product thus far. The collaborative aspect of the app is particularly interesting, and certainly no small technical feat.  
 I'm proud of putting everything together because I used so many different APIs and had to figure out ways to combine everything. 
 Overall, I’m proud of completing and creating my first 3D game. The entire experience of creating ORB was extremely enjoyable and was a really good project to begin and get used to the Unity3D workflow. I am really proud of this fact and I believe that I am now familiar with this workflow and can execute upon what was before, just a game idea, in multiple platforms. Additionally, I am pleased with being able to answer questions actively on the Unity3D forums and IRC channels. I'm also proud of getting a Twitch live streamer, GameDevCompany, to test out ORB on stream in front of an audience of about seventy people. 
 optimize meshes, materials and programming to deduce draw calls under 35 for all Scenes to keep60 FPS all the time 
 We have built three generations of our program and currently have a commercial version of our software. Our preliminary pilot results show that with the use of ExplORer versus the baseline, setup time was reduced by 10%, tool-related disruptions were reduced by 42%, and cost of the case due to wasted items was reduced by 5%.  These results can be directly linked to team satisfaction and reduction in operating room time. These results suggest millions of dollars in annual savings potential, not just for large academic and community hospitals but even for smaller hospitals, simply by using our product. The potential for cost savings is heightened even further once we receive our next round of funding and are able to build out an aggregate data analytics dashboard for stakeholders to view the granular data that ExplORer collects during live surgical cases. As we prepare to make our first sales into hospitals, this dashboard delivers an integral aspect of ExplORer’s key value propositions.We have received several awards. We won $50,000 through the Pritzker Group Venture Fellows Program, were awarded 2nd place at The University of Chicago Booth School of Business’ New Venture Challenge, named one of four finalists in the Cleveland Clinic Innovations’ New Ventures Healthcare Challenge, and named one of the 150 Nominees for Chicago Inno's 50 on Fire competition.We have been funded by a Phase 1 and Phase 1B Small Business Technology Transfer Program (STTR) grant from the National Science Foundation. Lastly, in September 2016, we closed a $1 million seed round including 4 funds as well as prominent healthcare and technology angel investors.What's next for ExplORer SurgicalWe currently have a commercial version of our software in use at five hospital systems around the country.With respect to the technical aspect of our company, we have the following items in our roadmap:Further allowing for integration with major EMR systemsFacilitating quicker development of surgical workflowsBuilt Withamazon-web-servicesangular.jsexpress.jshaproxymeanmongodbnode.jssocket.ioubuntuTry it outitunes.apple.com      Submitted to    The More Disruption Please Innovation ChallengeWinner                Honorable Mentions              GE Health Cloud Innovation ChallengeWinner                First Prize                   Created by  Eugene FineI am a seasoned technology executive, an expert in agile and lean start­up methodologies, with more than 15 years of experience. 
  
  
  
  
 We worked as a team and got to learn a lot. This we think is a nice accomplishment. 
 Approved by Microsoft and the Outlook team to be among the white listed Add-ins for IOS and AndroidA great add-in that can be used both by private and business. What's next for FedEx Tracking for OutlookFor next release we are considering integration Group Calendar and making an Excel add-in for organisation that are tracking many deliveriesBuilt Withfabrik-uifedex-apioffice-365outlookTry it outsway.comstore.office.com      Submitted to    Hack Productivity 3    Created by  Mastermind behind the projectAlon EkelundKawsar Hamid 
 I’m proud that my solution is working fine and helps me to get into VR website development. 
  
 I'm just happy to have something to turn in. Yesterday I was ready to quite and just leave. I felt so out of my depth and lonely with out a team. Now I can say I put in a solid effort This is where I started in December    http://spacecat.bitballoon.com/   just to show how far I have come and I'm proud of that. 
 Working together to solve real world problems. PrizesInformation overloadWe use a deep learning model to organize transplant data to make it univerally accesible and useful for transplant clinicians. Head in the cloudsWe use the google cloud platform, aws, and firebase to deploy and deliver deep learning predictions.Hard core, Soft wareWe used tensorflow to build our deep learning model to help bring the potential of machine learning to human health. Data Storage and MigrationWe improved transplant data analytics.Fund Your DreamscapeWe used the tensorflow library to serve analytics to doctors.Go FurtherWe connect donors with recipients and allow organs to have an easier trip to the recieving hospital with confidence that it will get to its new home.Walking Your Dog Food to MarketOur open source project allows the world to collaborate on saving transplant patients.Making Sense Out of Complicated Clinical InformationWe have an open source healthcare analytics project that allows our deep learning model to improve with new and better transplant data. This allows hospitals to use their own EMR data on our open source project.Built Withamazon-web-servicesangular.jsfirebaseflaskkerasmachine-learningphantomjspythonreacttensorflowTry it outgitlab.comgithub.com      Submitted to    HackIllinois 2018Winner                Head in the Clouds              Winner                Making Sense out of Complicated Clinical Information                  Created by  Project management, FrontendShahaed HasanMy keyboard broke.paul rualesComputer science student at UIUCsome APIsThomas HanUniversity of Iowa '18I primarily focused on the frontend, but also helped with the backend and Firebase configuration.Kevin BlicharskiUniversity of Iowa | Computer Science and Engineering | May 2019Data processing, BackendAkhil KandimallaMadeline SilvaAndrew Ehler 
  
  
  
  
 We were able to use S3 as a data store which help keep cost down and allows for easy updating.  We were able to get audio recordings from the McCauley Library and transcode them on  the fly using ffmpeg.  This allowed us to format that audio for ideal use.What's next for BirdBotNext we would love to add a feature that allows folks to identify a Bird they have seen using various physical markers such as coloring, length, beak size, etc.Built Withamazon-dynamodblambdalexpandaspythons3Try it outwww.facebook.com      Submitted to    AWS Chatbot Challenge    Created by  Shawn BowerBrett Haranin 
  
  
 We have successfully developed wrapper for web3.js library on Swift so that you can interact with smart-contracts from iOS devices (only few people in the world are able to do it).We did real-time Python Server that can detect shaking of cargos based on data, received from truck's sensors during a trip.Besides that, on iOS device we created widget with quick access to cargoes statuses and quick start with Siri custom command. 
 It works!  
 We were really proud of being able to successfully post to the blockchain (little wins!), how simple our user interface turned out, and that we were able to integrate all of the Ethereum environments successfully 
 The front end and ease of use, building a hardware automated plant (for the first time) in under 36 hours for under $200. Contributing to an open source community of makers and developers who appreciate horticulture/agriculture and strive for a symbiosis between technology & nature as the population grows. 
  
 The openCV code was very well optimized. We brought processing time down from nearly a minute to just a couple of seconds.The midi generation library was very difficult and counter intuitive to work with, but we managed to edit its source to fit our needs.The website design is very sleek, benefiting the user experience.Can be used to transfer information, like a prettier QR code. 
 We were completely new to Unity and motion gestures and had to learn it all beforehand. 
  
 We managed to do it 
 The elegant exterior and closely integrated electro-mechanical design, we also love the intuitive indicator lights.  
 Learning Unity and Blender in less than 24 hours and achieving significant progress with both. 
  
 We're glad that we were able to create a fully-functional iOS app in such a short period of time. It was great working with new people we met at the event, and we were able to create a vision for a project and see it through to the end. 
 We make a REST web service as the back end that can support all the mobile and web apps as the front end. Currently we have built the IOS app, and we would like to push our project to RiceApps in the future to build the Android and Windows Phone client. 
 1st Hackathon for 2 of the team members. Working with conducting material and successfully completing the project on time with the application. 
 We are proud of our success in creating our first Alexa Skill, learning python, and for taking on a challenge that people were not sure if we could complete all within 36 hours. 
 Building a complete platform with so many different technologies.  
 Designed a custom activity which is capable of exploring a entire package and returns the whats need for the user to look into. 
  
 Multiple gas optimizations - we store the memes themselves on ipfs, but the contract references them as two uint8s and a fixed length bytes32, significantly reducing gas costs over a dynamic array. We also used an inline assembly proxy factory, making cost to deploy a proxy only around 5 cents. On the front end, we have multiple sorting params for the meme leaderboard, and a portfolio page reading from event logs 
 Although our skillset was limited, we joined forces and tried our best to bring this idea alive and had fun doing so. 
 parallel dev work and squashing bug after bug! 
 Building a virtual environment to navigate inside using AR.Ability to see the 3D models we placed only when there are no blocking walls between them and the user. 
  
 The app itself, I am very proud that I was able to create a working IOS application for a great cause while only having myself to work with.  One of the greatest accomplishments in the app was working w a direct texting feature to a depression hotline and a direct calling feature to the suicide hotline.  I could most definitely see someone in real life using this app, and loving the simplicity of its interface and multitude of features.   
 Successfully overcame the challenge mentioned above and created a complete web API that is ready to be used by any web service. Other than that, our API doesn't store any actual faces of our users to assure their data privacy. This was the first project which configures real-time OpenCV face recognization on a web-hosted system. 
  
  
  
 We got it working! Despite having to trim some features that would have been nice, our final product works! 
 Enabling synchronization of video 
  
 We created a personal multiplayer experience working with WebVR, WebXR or Prismatic. Creating a content experience that works agnostically across all devices and platforms with enhanced capabilities in AR.We are most pleased with our ability to show the same concept in two totally different ways.  
 Establishing transceiver communication between a wearable sensor device (a shoe) and a mobile robotic platform (a cardboard box), both Arduino-powered. Organized approach to testing and debugging various prototype phases. Discovery/learning of algorithms to maximize information obtained from limited sensor input. 
 I no longer have to capitalize "r"s in my programs.What's next for "r"eally exciting projectImplementation in parallel to optimize performance on supercomputers.Built WithpythonTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    VolHacks IIIWinner                Most Useless Hack                  Created by  I made this.pgensheimer 
 Creating an application from scratch which acts as a proof of concept. 
 We're proud of our small and neat app you want to play more and more. Help us! We can't stop! 
 That we did it! :) 
  
 We're especially proud of our ability to iterate quickly. Our app design and vision experienced three major overhauls over the course of the weekend, and experienced many minor tweaks and adjustments. Some of these changes were prompted by an analysis of the app and consideration of how well it aligned with the user's goals. One quick example: We originally envisioned the ability to create custom mini-game levels via a drag-and-drop level builder. We thought that the sender would enjoy creating a custom experience for their friend, so they could be as nice or mean as they desired. As we considered the concept and talked with others, we discovered that the sender would rather be able to create a challenging mini-game quickly and generally finds more value in their recipient's reaction than the implementation of the actual game level. Since we structured the app well, we were able to react to these changes and make a better end product as a result. 
 The two logic/algorithm gods that we had on our team solved an extremely complex math problem very quickly. Also our 3D printed parts are actually fire though. Just saying. 
  
  
 We are proud of the breakthroughs we were able to figure out alone! For a lot of participants, this was their first Hackathon, and it is astonishing to see what you're capable of creating in such a short time...with little sleep! When it came to the networking side of things, the front-end side, and the back-end side we were there for each other to answer questions, offer advice, and even uplift each other if one of us were frustrated with something. We are proud of the communication we were able to foster and the friendly environment that created for each other.  
  
 We may have a demo that works. 
  
  
 Font retrieval modelCompiling the Google Fonts datasetInterpolation between two fontsManipulating the attributes of a fontGenerating SVG fonts 
  
  
 Making the first phase of the app to the google play store for android! 
 Being a game designing company, we feel proud to build a tool for gamers that would keep them stay curious and connect them with other gamers peer.    
  
 By utilizing the continuous integration and continuous deployment of the Google Cloud Platform, we were able to smoothly launch and continue to update our production app. Watching a video so many times that you know every single word of it, but actually toughing through the tedious task of transcribing a tutorial word for word. 
 We've connected the smart metering solution to the Node-RUN service from IBM and we are proud that we've developed a working prototype in order to be soon ready to get real data to analyse human behaviour. 
 Making creative work in the public domain available to a new market. Publishing a first-of-a-kind skill. Learning APL. 
 How good we've been working as a team so far - go us! 
 I got it to work and am proud to be one of the first photo-centric skills. 
  
  
  
  
  
 We are proud that we stood as a team and we’ve managed to dig through a  bunch of ideas to get to the one that has a power to really improve the quality of life for a lot of people. We are proud that we managed to split the tasks in the efficient way, combining programming, craftsmanship, and idea generation.  Most importantly we’re proud that we created a working MVP, that has the potential to become something more. 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 Have already made the app for one hospital and have been asked to develop an app for a mental health clinic. 
  
 We think our game is dope as heck. We honestly do.  
 It's always good to hit a deadline. We had some unexpected things come up and get in the way of development, but we managed to compromise on some features as appropriate to balance both getting it done and to a good standard.We're especially proud of our first custom shaders in a Unity game. Modern devices have fantastic graphics capabilities, so it's great to be able to show them off. 
 We built it and it works.What's next for LegDayThis is too cool to not be put out into market. We hope this can be on the legs of people who need it most with the help of the university and the health tech community.Built Witharduinoerlangpythonraspberry-piTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    MedHacks 2.0Winner                Wolfram's Best Tech Award                   Created by  Angelo SaracenoThe worstgrive056 RiveraHassan ZockBenjamin BotwinJoel GreenupJackson Fadely 
 Completing all 3 features - topic detection and relevant suggestions, sentiment analysis, language translationEnhancing UI with additional features - Live Preview to view the content of the recommend linksWhat's next for chatwiseExtending the same support for images and voice messages as wellBuilt With.coazurebingflaskmicrosoftmoxtranatural-language-processingphpsentiment-analysis-onlinetranslatewikipediaTry it outchatwise.co      Submitted to    LA Hacks 2016    Created by  Set up the chat server using Moxtra API and deployed it to Azure.Ankur KhemaniPursuing Master's degree in CS from USC.Wrote the proxy server in Flask to solve the CORS issue.Anirudh SudarshanJai mata di let's rockWorked on the UX and integrating it with the service calls.Aniket PednekarLife is short. Use Python.Karishma SurekaI am like... stuff.. 
  
 Work with mongo db as geolocalization engine is fun. 
  
  
 Integration of many different techonolgies and hardwareFixing several bugs with smart lighting systemDesigning website that looks nice also on phones and tabletsLearning to use Azure... 
  
 We were aiming to just get the language done, but we virtually had finished by 3am, and we were ecstatic to continue adding more functionality to our program, such as user accounts. By the end of the hackathon, we are proud to have created an algorithm that can effectively convert casual English to code, full with a beautiful UI and UX. 
 We're annoyed at our app 
 It works! 
 It's amazing how, by choosing the right technologies, we were able to built an AI solution only in two days, that just recently was required months of development.What's next for StrikelyWe plan to work on neat UI, so Maria could completely enjoy her experience with OutfitMe App. Also, we need spend couple more days to train our AI algorithm on a bigger dataset. And then, we plan to provide API for our app, so online shops can embed it into their websites.Built WithfacebooksalesforezalandoTry it outprezi.com      Submitted to    Junction 2016    Created by  Mikhail VargoSimo LaitinenElena TimofeevaBilal Gill 
 We're excited to have built a functional prototype in just 24 hours! It both senses gait pattern and stimulates the muscle to cause a contraction at the right time.What's next for foot++We hope to test our prototypes, then scale up to produce these for low-resource settings.CreditsEmbedded Systems Mentor: John NaultyHardware: William Wnękowicz and Marion LBHardware Hack Inspiration: Midori Sanchez, Miguel Moscoso, Kevin Flores, Jhedmar Callupe, Elizabeth Albarracin, & Tomás VegaBuilt Witharduinohardwarenerve-stimulatorTry it outgoo.gldrive.google.comdrive.google.com      Submitted to    health++Winner                Grand Prize: 2nd Place              Winner                Grand Prize: Finalist                  Created by  Peggy (Yuchun) WangPeggy is a currently a junior at Stanford studying Computer Science in the AI Track. She's interested in AV, Robotics, and AI.Swaril MathurPierluigi MantovaniRenu KondraguntaPierre KarashchukJessicaSelinger 
  
  
  
 Getting hot swapping of cordova code working for super fast dev-run cycle was great - annoying that we had to spend so long on tooling but good to manage to get it working well. Layout of emails using css and javascript was much tricker and ultimately rewarding than we expected. Making a cordova plugin using objective C was a good accomplishment. Getting our first app in the App Store just over a month ago was an exciting moment!! 
  
  
 One huge accomplishment that I am totally proud of is having my app listed in the Infusionsoft Marketplace. When I started building RokkSalt I was not sure of how the process of listing an app on the Marketplace worked and I was kinda nervous that I would not make it so I am really excited to be listed there. As far as the build for RokkSalt I am proud of all the steps it took from the planning phase, through the design and build phase, and all of the testing that went into the finished product. I have always been motivated to continue learning and growing and seeing the knowledge that was gained from this project is a very satisfying experience for me. 
  
  
 I always wanted to start and attempt but couldn't make time for same. Finally through this hackathon i am working on my favorite theory of Machine Intelligence and applying it to solve real problem i see today. 
  
 We got to know each other shorly before the hack started and pulled through together creating this amazing app that actually has real business potential.  
  
 Getting everything to work together. 
  
  
  
 Getting Photon to work with Azure. None of us had very much C++ experience, but we were very proud when we finally interfaced and transferred weather data that could be analyzed by Azure.Getting the app to work fully. We're very proud of this accomplishment and really believe that our app will save lives.Things that we learnedWe did not have any previous experience with Pebble, and were able to build a fully functional and styled app use Pebble.js. Every member of our team can now confidently say that they know their way around Pebble. In addition to this, using Microsoft Technologies took quite a learning curve, but now much of our team has a greater understanding of how Azure functions.What's next for SwiftAssistAndroid app, working more with Photon, emergency response directions from Pebble.Demo login and passUsername: sohan@account.comPassword: vichareBuilt Withazurecss3electronfirebasehtml5iphone-sdkjavascriptlinkedinlinkedin-apimaterialize.csspebblephotonswiftTry it outgithub.comswiftassist.github.io      Submitted to    Los Altos HacksWinner                Best Use of Microsoft Technologies                  Created by  I built the complete iOS application and worked on backend database structure.Sohan VichareI did hardware and coding of the Sparkfun photon and helped with the video as well as the backend.Yash TandonI learned how to use Pebble.js to build applications for the Pebble smartwatch, and then built our Pebble client. Additionally, I helped debug our web and iOS clients and designed our icons.Avik JainI made the entire web app and integrated firebase and made the backend Adiyan KaulEnthusiastic coder  
  The whole solution created by our team. We did not expect to get it running within the short time. We managed to divide the roles in the team very clearly and work effective.Back-End, Front-End, Visuals, UX, Preparation of Pitch, ...HoloAstic Transport Visualization is is the very first solution on Microsoft HoloLens that allow easy analysis of transport status and logistics for the paper industry, specially customized to  UPM needs. It is also possible to run the HoloAstic Transport Visualization on different devices like Mobile, Desktop - cross platform  
  
 We successfully built an application that solved a tangible issue we found. With little to no experience with APIs, we were proud to be able to create a working product using three of the Google Cloud APIs.Flask server and connectQuery Cloud datastoreDeploy first Google App Engine 
 We are proud of the result we reached in 24 hours hacking almost without coffee and sleep. This was our first very productive experience to develop PoC application in a pair-programming mode. 
 Successfully deployed my first skill to lambda with APL enabled alexa skill 
  
  
 Multiple ways for the user to enter the credentials, so that he can chose the one wich suits best for her/him.VoiceOnly option for dictation of the SSID and Passwords, which usually mix small and capital letters as well as special characters and digits.The idea to quickly adapt the new audio player meta to make infinite presentation of the QR Code by presenting it as a cover image of a silent audio file. 
  
 POC for sentiment analysis  
  
 My team are dedicated and hardworking. Being able to finish all app endpoint and we are currently leading the tweet giveaway challenge of $250. Most especially, the problem our propose project will solve and benefits that comes with it.  
  
 We're proud of the fact that LiveBus is actually fully functional. It can get the routes using the user's current location. Allows the user to select which route they want to track. Shows other users on a bus and their route to the user. And of course, looks good and works well on mobile. It is essentially fully capable of being deployed. We are also proud of the fact that this tool can be used all around the world.  
 All we did in the past week was a marathon. I'm am proud of the good team work we had within our little company and I'm happy to have found a partner, who's is a enthusiastic about coding as I am. 
 We are now able to run DNA analysis pipelines in such that it scales linearly with available compute nodes, while efficiently utilizing the infrastructure. This enables less than 1 hour processing time for a realistic DNA analysis data set to be used in practice. 
  
  
 This is our team's first time to play a game with a female engineer character! 
 A visually striking product with catchy custom music! 
  
  
  
 Sweet sweet revenge on people I hate get uglified with emojis I'm not supposed to be proud ofWhat's next for No-ExWe can hook it up with an external server that has algorithms written with opencv to uglify the people you hate professionallyBuilt Withchromejavascriptmost-awesomely-useless-hackmost-entertaining-hackopencvpythonTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    Hack&Roll 2018    Created by  I ate the buffet food and it was nice.MX ChaiCS Major.javascript and chrome extensionsDe Lin Hooface detection and image processingIdawati BustanJuho Lee 
 We are proud of have a good idea that can help people in emergency situations. 
  
  
 Frankly, I think I am most proud that I was able to put this together and push myself to do work on top of school and other responsibilities. It is always easy to sit at home and relax, so pushing myself through this daunting project has been, in my opinion, my greatest accomplishment. 
 Within 24hours we transitioned from cake to amazon web servers, this adjustment was crazy. We were so hyped with accomplishing this along with successfully using node.js, share.js, and fabric.js. Also getting the pen tool to work with ease features and saved image functions made us happy too. 
  
  
 We are very proud of being able to put together a good range of functioning and high-level technology in order to create a smooth synergistic experience. Using the user's heart rate to evaluate how the experience should change was challenging but was extremely rewarding to watch. Seeing a user place their finger on an iPhone camera and watch the experience change accordingly was a good feeling. We're also proud of being able to produce the idea to a degree we are happy with despite not being able to access the technology we initially wanted.  
 Getting a grip on the technology and getting a nice visualization!What's next for Torture Awareness GlobeFilterting of the projects and further developing the visualization. Depending on the reception we might be interested in developing it further.Built Withcss3html5javascriptjquerythree.jsTry it outgithub.comlinkpact.github.io      Submitted to    OpenHack    Created by  Discussing ideas, struggling with three.js and fiddling with the interface!Jakob WillforsI worked with three.js to get the globe up!Martín BasterrecheaDaniel Hamngren 
  
 In less than 24 hours and several hundred photos, we were able completely construct a high definition 3D model of half of the entire uWaterloo campus. Though we did not have the hardware to port full resolution to Unreal Engine, we still achieved a completed, explorable model for use in VR. 
  
 We're very proud that the game we made ended up very much like the DDR feeling we were going for. Despite the difficulties with the song encoding and decoding system, we were able to work through them. The system was also developed to be fairly robust for adding additional visual effects or even step types not possible in traditional DDR machines. 2 of our members were also very new to Unity, so we're proud to be able to end having made a cool game. 
 We managed to create a minimum viable product that covers the entirety of the story.Also we were able to design unique characters and illustrate detailed backgrounds within the short span of the event. 
  
 NONE 
  
  
  
 Google maps API implementation and JSON parsing of every single food pantry in the state of Missouri. 
 We've finally created an app we've been wanting for years!Eli was able to reuse previous experience with ReactiveX with relative ease, and was able to integrate Firebase's socketed database for instant updates!Josh was able to develop his passion for React into an ability to build attractive, cloud-capable mobile apps with React Native!Dalton was able to learn and contribute in an entirely new paradigm! 
  
  
  
  
 Going from zero to a working Photoshop CC extension in the span of a week. 
  
  
 Scoped project well the first nightCame up with a workable game plan for a minimally viable projectDivided up tasks to leverage skills 
 Creating a Share Extension on iOS is not trivial. A lot of thought has to go into how to share the OAuth access tokens between multiple applications. The reward of being able to share a file to SharePoint from anywhere in the iOS system is really cool. I think that feature will be life changing for SharePoint users. 
 In a handful of RESTful API calls, anyone could use ethereum.  Our services are true blockchain, even if we loose our DB we can rebuild it with etherscan. 
 We managed to learn multiple technologies we had no experience with (Watson, Jade, web scraping), and we still finished on time with our team of two.What's next for Job ChoiceWe want to add optional additional fields to the initial prompt, like "City crime rate", and "Distance willing to travel to work". We just focused on financial reasons to go to a location since we had limited time this hackathon, but there are many more aspects that would be great to compare.Built Withcsshtmlibm-watsonimport.iojadejavascriptjquerymongolabnode.js      Submitted to    MHacks 6Winner                Best Use of Analytics and Analysis, Sponsored by Bloomberg                  Created by  I made the entire backend of the application. This included scraping the web for information about the different job locations, parsing it and getting Watson Analytics to analyze it, and managing the Mongo database.  Ryan DavisI worked on the entire front-end of the application using AngularJS, CSS and Jade templating engine. I also was in charge of the deployment of the application on to the heroku servers.Tai Tong 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 მომხმარებლებს უკვე შეუძლიათ საერთო ოთახში შევიდნენ და ერთდროულად უყურონ მათთვის საყვარელ ფილმებს. ჩართონ, დააპაუზონ, გადაახვიონ ფლეიერი ისე, რომ სხვებთანაც იგივე მოხდეს.ფუნქციონირებს ჩატი - იუზერებს უკვე ჩეუძლიათ ერთმანეთში ლაპარაკი.უკვე თითქმის დავასრულეთ room-ის შექმნის, რეგისტრაციის, მომხმარებლის პროფილის ნახვის ფორმები.საიტისთვის დამატებული გვაქვს ლამაზი გრაფიკული ელემენტები. დიზაინი არის მარტივი. 
  
  
 Personally I'm proud of my team mates. In a relatively short amount of time we have built a working demo system. Sure it needs fine tuning, more elaborate code and user interface but the really cool thing is that it can measure moisture and show it on a tablet. 
 We able to understand and using ESP AT Command using GET and POST method.We able to use Arduino101 Internal IMU. We can get pitch, roll, and heading value.We able to understand how to use Software Serial properly.We able to use sensors and output from Grove Seeed and using Seeed library especially RGB LCD.We able to build relationship with Makedonia Makerspace. Makedonia provide us several sensor such as MQ02, water level, RTC, and ESP8266 for free. Makedonia push and encourage MANTIS to develop more IoT instrument, while they will help to provide components and information about IoT event.We able to understand how chart library work onWe learn new technology to make live and interactive chartWe able to make API for our innovationAnd finally we proud with our prototype that will resolve real problem especially in coastal and remote island 
 Understand the resources Nordea provides in compliance with PSD2 and use someBuild a prototype dashboard that shows the problem we are solvingMatti design inspired by modern Nordea colorscheme and style 
 Designing a UX centric experience and integrating a lot of WIP tools. 
 Dealing with new technologies was challenging but fun and we're proud of the fact that we took this risk and still were able to get the application in its current state. 
 We created a cheap and smart home surveillance system in 36 hours.We learned working with a lot of new technologies. 
  
 Developing a solution that is relevant and valuableWriting my first WebAppCreating my first Docker Image for a WebApp and pushing it to my first Azure Container Registry and deploying it to Azure App Service.Entering my second hackathon 
 Although I never made a bot before, the Cisco Spark API and especially the documentation helped me learn a lot about bots, webhooks, and more technical terms related to bots. Overall, it was a fun and instructive experience!Built Withapi.aicisco-sparknode.jsTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    Cisco Spark the Industry ChallengeWinner                Best in Healthcare                   Created by  Noureddine AMRI 
 We ended up integrating with a few impressive applications such as moxtra, which provided quite the challenge for our team. 
 fetch the data from google map and also the scraping the website 
 We finished!  We worked collaboratively very well considering we met each other minutes before starting the hack and all came to agreement on a solid and deliverable concept. We met our primary goals with enough time to add some polish. 
  
 We were able to build everything we had in mind in the scope of the hackathon. 
  
 It works!It really works! 
  
 I'm really proud of the sentence processing script that I single-handedly wrote. I’m surprised that it does a very good job of figuring out what you are saying and looking for. I'm genuinely surprised I got it to function at the level it did. 
 It works! 
 We managed to build the whole mechanism just with materials at hand. Glue gun works wonders. 
 Emails response rates jumped to 25% when mutual interest was added via Warmly.All of our team members brought something different. Chris wrote the chrome extension. Brian, Leon, and I (Ethan) wrote the backend and AI system. Larissa helped connect us with PR firms in NYC that are interested in piloting our technology. We had a mix of technical and nontechnical teammates that made Warmly a reality. For the past few weeks, I've used warmly to connect with investors regarding my startups Series A. I now have partner meetings with a number of VCs. Literally, we are using AI to raise a Series A.   
  
 Build from scratch and launch on Main Net!Created an innovative solution of decentralized interest rate swaps for DeFi.Aligned a global team from 3 continents. Met at EthBerlin, and start from scratch, ideation to launching on Ethereum Main Net in less than 30 hours. 
  
 BLHD 
 Completing a halfway-decent looking frontend with React.js. We are all new to JavaScript and React is something that we all "wanted to learn one day", so we were happy that we were able to get something out of the door using it.Two of us are totally new to programming and we are really happy that we were able gain some exposure to, and independence in Git, Python, and JavaScript, which will certainly help us with our projects in the future. 
 What we are most proud of is the fact that we created all the entire system within 2-days hackathon. We've ・used sensors to measure Dehydration with, to some extent,  scientifically valid evidence and actually made pacifier itself, ・created iOS app with high UI quality, connected to sensors, chat bot with a doctor・made dashboard with beautiful graphs and arrangementWe are also confident in how we defined the problem: Need StatementWe are sure we've met UNMET needs and built a solution with deep public-health knowledge and experiences of the members  and with high feasibility from technical and business point of view. 
 We are proud to have created our own model and make the ML algorithm work! It was very satisfying to see the PCA clusters, and graph the values into groups within the Support Vector Machine. Furthermore, getting each of the components ie, Flask and Chrome extension to work was gratifying, as we had little prior experience in regards to transferring data between applications. We are able to successfully determine if a video is a deep fake, and notify the person in real time if they may be viewing tampered content! 
  
 8PM: Reverse-engineering of the protocol2AM: Emulation of the protocol on the Raspberry Pi4AM: Two-way communication between the Raspberry Pi and Bluemix7AM: Getting the Amazon Echo to communicate with Bluemix8AM: When the light finally responded to voice for the first time (way later in the game than we expected)11AM: Stable, repeatable voice actionsRefinement, refinement, refinement... 
 We were able to accomplish the project without any previous knowledge on how to use Python 
  
 Project works on mainnet ! 
 Getting computationally cheap embeddings using a pretrained BERT and InceptionV3. Clustering everything!Nice UIBuilt WithaipythonreactTry it outmemespace.space      Submitted to    HackUPC 2019Winner                HackUPC 1st Prize              Winner                Facebook Challenge              Winner                Itequia                  Created by  I built the Clustering Pipeline and a good chunk of the UIJustin GlibertPreviously: AI Research @ Sizigi Studios in SF. Now: Student at The University of Edinburgh. I am trying to make Sim2Real work at scale.I worked solely on the front end, building a chat interface and a meme comparison tool.Ben EloI obtained the database of memes from Reddit and implemented subreddit sensitivity in the embedding model.Conrad Cardona PiñolI worked on front-end, creating the navigation framework and animations.Alexander Philipp Rader 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 I'm proud of having done this project alone. I've been to a lot of hackathons in past years, but always under the tutelage of upperclassmen. Now that they've graduated, I'm sort of wondering on my own. I'm glad I was able to accomplish this project without others directing me. I'm also proud of how far I came with this project. I compared my first generated sonata to my most recent one and I was really impressed with how good the latter one sounded. Perhaps not yet at the level of Mozart, but it's certainly come a long way.  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 Making a workable prototype within the limited timeframe. 
  
 Notre bot est ready to market!!! :D Notre MVP est atteint a 100% et nous avons même inclus du "nice to have" tel que le feedback des utilisateurs. 
 Response Time: We handle numerous large image files, but our load time is trivial.Filtering: We've extended the Outlook search and filtering features to the next level. Security: No hackable image data is ever stored on our servers.Backend: As mostly frontend devs in our day jobs, we were enthusiastic about building a primarily server side JavaScript project, without another team demandingcallbacks of nested objects just because. --it was fun!Database: We architected our own normalized database schema to handle queries with multiple references.Process: We weren't even sure our initial idea was actually possible, but we built out our achievement well beyond our original vision. --dream big!Our first commit was only 6 weeks ago! 
 Cnnecting Apple Watch and Pepper Robot to help solve the elderly care problem 
 The hardware looks so beautiful! And finally figuring out the navigation for the app. 
  
  
  
 We're proud of making our first ever voice-activated app! It was fun to work with the API.What's next for Hungry HostMany more recipes and meals!Built Withalexaamazon-web-servicesangular.jscsshtmljavascriptnode.jsTry it outhungry.host      Submitted to    TechCrunch Disrupt NY 2016    Created by  Worked on ingredients search functionZoltan SzalasDesign & front end!Nisha GarigarnCo-founder at Croissant :) I do marketing, design, and front end stuff.Worked on Alexa to make it publish ingredients on the websiteAdam ChewCo founder @CroissantJeneta Hot 
  
  
 We're particularly proud about implementing one of NLP's hardest problems, and how we worked around the limitations of the thesis by classifying messages.Also, we're proud of building something that would help us and almost everyone, and how it helps a certain segment greatly. 
  
  
 