Travis (Traffic Realtime Assistance Via Internet Services): as the name suggests is a mobile app that provides real-time assistance to its users (target userbase: drivers, pedestrians & passengers). It is having 4 major modules:Traffic Feed (Userbase: Drivers, Pedestrians, Passengers): Users can post anything related to city traffic on the feed in order to inform other about it, this will be visible to everyone. Users can add image and tags in their posts to make their posts more comprehensible. Sample content of feed can be accident alert, traffic jam, congestion alert, or general post.  Pedestrian Mode (Userbase: Pedestrians)Activate pedestrian mode while walking on the streets. This will alert you to nearby road intersections, dangers and other hazards related to pedestrian safety. These alerts are given when the user reaches 20m in the range of any potential hazardous geo-location.   Parking Finder (Drivers)Parking finder will show you nearby parking spots and the numbers of current free parking spots in the parking in real time. Real-time data is maintained by another supportive application - Travis Parking Assist which I've built. This app will be used by the watchman of the parking spot to update the number of entries of vehicles in the parking. Geo Taxi Meter (Passengers)Geo Taxi Meter helps users to track their route on MAP in real-time while they are traveling. This way they will not get fooled by taxi drivers on taking the wrong route. It also has a fare calculator that calculates fare in real time.  
 This Bitbucket add-on allows you to automatically generate UML class diagrams from your code repository. Once generated, these diagrams are available to everyone with read access to the repository, and you can:Click class members within your diagram and jump directly to their definitions in the source code.Update your diagram in one click when you push new code.Open a copy of the diagram in Lucidchart if you want to make changes or share it outside of Bitbucket (Lucidchart also offers Confluence, JIRA, and HipChat integrations!).Whether you work alone or on a team, you can see your entire project architecture, including class dependencies and relationships, at a glance. The add-on currently works best with Java, with limited support for C++, C#, ObjectiveC, Go, and Python, and Ruby. More languages to come! 
 The key focus of this solution is to empower city traffic department, parking site vendors and citizens to join hands for mutual benefit. ParkKing is a 360 degree parking solution offering each stakeholder with the desirable information and control. ParkKing offers app for citizen and parking site (for embedded device) and a management plus analytics console for the City Traffic Department.Citizens can use ParkKing app to find and book an authorized parking on the go. They can report parking violations and get alerts for their violations before e-challan gets issued. Additionally, they can suggest a parking site and request to enable online booking for the same.ParkKing awards citizens in a unique way with reward points and levels to promote parking discipline and use of authorized parking in the city. It offers a distinguished set of benefits and discounts to users on different levels. Rewards can be redeemed in various ways including parking charges payment. 
  
  
 CoTaxi allows to users of the application ti publish their trips stating their preferences (gender: male, female or indifferent, smoking or not, ...), search existing trips, manage their trips in progress (accept / reject applications , modify the information of a path, ...) and also calculate the cost of each trip. 
 Travis (Traffic Realtime Assistance Via Internet Services): as the name suggests is a mobile app that provides real-time assistance to its users (target userbase: drivers, pedestrians & passengers). It is having 4 major modules:Traffic Feed (Userbase: Drivers, Pedestrians, Passengers): Users can post anything related to city traffic on the feed in order to inform other about it, this will be visible to everyone. Users can add image and tags in their posts to make their posts more comprehensible. Sample content of feed can be accident alert, traffic jam, congestion alert, or general post.  Pedestrian Mode (Userbase: Pedestrians)Activate pedestrian mode while walking on the streets. This will alert you to nearby road intersections, dangers and other hazards related to pedestrian safety. These alerts are given when the user reaches 20m in the range of any potential hazardous geo-location.   Parking Finder (Drivers)Parking finder will show you nearby parking spots and the numbers of current free parking spots in the parking in real time. Real-time data is maintained by another supportive application - Travis Parking Assist which I've built. This app will be used by the watchman of the parking spot to update the number of entries of vehicles in the parking. Geo Taxi Meter (Passengers)Geo Taxi Meter helps users to track their route on MAP in real-time while they are traveling. This way they will not get fooled by taxi drivers on taking the wrong route. It also has a fare calculator that calculates fare in real time.  
 This Bitbucket add-on allows you to automatically generate UML class diagrams from your code repository. Once generated, these diagrams are available to everyone with read access to the repository, and you can:Click class members within your diagram and jump directly to their definitions in the source code.Update your diagram in one click when you push new code.Open a copy of the diagram in Lucidchart if you want to make changes or share it outside of Bitbucket (Lucidchart also offers Confluence, JIRA, and HipChat integrations!).Whether you work alone or on a team, you can see your entire project architecture, including class dependencies and relationships, at a glance. The add-on currently works best with Java, with limited support for C++, C#, ObjectiveC, Go, and Python, and Ruby. More languages to come! 
 The key focus of this solution is to empower city traffic department, parking site vendors and citizens to join hands for mutual benefit. ParkKing is a 360 degree parking solution offering each stakeholder with the desirable information and control. ParkKing offers app for citizen and parking site (for embedded device) and a management plus analytics console for the City Traffic Department.Citizens can use ParkKing app to find and book an authorized parking on the go. They can report parking violations and get alerts for their violations before e-challan gets issued. Additionally, they can suggest a parking site and request to enable online booking for the same.ParkKing awards citizens in a unique way with reward points and levels to promote parking discipline and use of authorized parking in the city. It offers a distinguished set of benefits and discounts to users on different levels. Rewards can be redeemed in various ways including parking charges payment. 
  
  
 CoTaxi allows to users of the application ti publish their trips stating their preferences (gender: male, female or indifferent, smoking or not, ...), search existing trips, manage their trips in progress (accept / reject applications , modify the information of a path, ...) and also calculate the cost of each trip. 
 Maasto-101 detects potholes on the streets through image processing and indicates you the depth of the pothole in a 3D visual graph with the exact location of the pothole on the Map. This data is also stored which can be shared with government officials to improve the street conditions. Data collected through frequent analysis of such streets can be collected and sent to Research and Development team to decide upon the material required to fix the street for long term viability. 
 Two level classification into cancer and non-cancer class. 
  
 Predicts the probability of the stock moving up or down.Data has been scraped for 500 days. For each day: opening price, day maximum price, minimum price, closing price, trading volume is present.Prediction: The probability of stock movement for day 10 given trend for last 9 days. Prediction in the range of 0 to 1; where 1 is stock will surely move up. 
  
 StepShot Image Editor allows its users to annotate images and add different content on top of them. Its main advantage is that it saves an annotation in a separate layer from the original file. There’s no need to create dozens of copies, which helps users to free up memory space. With the Image Editor’s help, you can draw lines, arrows, and rectangles; blur certain parts of an image; highlight text; and fill in shapes with color.  
  
  
 Altogether It does the Task of remote multi-parameter monitoring and control in a launch vehicle/satellite scenario without the need of bulky harness and has a huge impact by the reduction of  amount of effort & time  involved in assembly and integration of launch vehicles / satellites 
  
  
 It offers to publish images with a caption. This images you post can be viewed by all the members who are following you. You can view images of all the members to whom you follow. The user needs to register using google account. The home page displays member list. The app also provides facility to follow/unfollow friends through check box option. 
 Our algorithm is two fold, as follows:Content-consumption: Our chrome-extension goes through your facebook feed in real time as you browse it and verifies the authenticity of posts. These posts can be status updates, images or links. Our backend AI checks the facts within these posts and verifies them using image recognition, keyword extraction, and source verification and a twitter search to verify if a screenshot of a twitter update posted is authentic. The posts then are visually tagged on the top right corner in accordance with their trust score. If a post is found to be false, the AI tries to find the truth and shows it to you.Content-creation: Each time a user posts/shares content, our chat bot uses a webhook to get a call. This chat bot then uses the same backend AI as content consumption to determine if the new post by the user contains any unverified information. If so, the user is notified and can choose to either take it down or let it exist. 
 It uses the thermal heat and camera perception of a person and identifies the animal close by.I am trying to integrate OpenCV and work more as we get the camera. 
  
 TrafFeed acts as a personal traffic assistant that lets you know beforehand, the updates or the news, regarding any cause that can delay you time before reaching your destination. It is done with the help of traffic coordinating officials who posts live alerts about the traffic jams, road blocks, diversions, VIP convey, rallies, construction alerts etc. through the handling website that are visible on the app screens of the people using the app.Also, Users can extend their help by posting whatever updates they get in their surroundings which helps covering a larger area. To avoid fake updates and news, these updates are first checked by the concerned authorities through the admin panel, and only after **proper verification are published on the app. The app gets a special responsibility of promoting the safety of citizens too and thus focuses on regular updates about the notices, new rules and awareness posts regarding the traffic systems. 
 Hexa Survivor is a minimalistic yet highly addictive hyper casual experience; tap left or right to avoid touching the hexagons and perform successful escapes! The more you evade, the higher score you will achieve. We start with a simple tutorial to help you get used how to rotate your circular character, so you can learn how to play it.SOCIAL - FOR YOU AND YOUR FRIENDS‘Hexa Survivor’ is powered with Kin. Kin is your new digital currency that you can spend and earn in the game by playing and scoring as high as possible. Compete with friends, family and the top players with the highest scores and beat their high score!Moreover, it comes with a simple one-touch one tap controlling mechanic. Optimised for tablets and large screens.It is the perfect challenge for a short period to refresh your brain. You can play this game at any time at any place like on the bus, at school or in the office or whenever you have some free time!No internet? No problem. Hexa Survivor delivers an offline experience as well, and features a Leader board so you can compete with your friends online and beat their high score. 
 LifecycleThe center of the universe for Cycle Control is the Release. Users can define Release life-cycle using:series of stagesquality gates that control the transition from stage to statemilestoneschecklistsScope and Roll-upThe release scope or content can be defined in a bottom-up fashion to be any combination of multiple JIRA projects, versions, components, JIRA Agile boards, Epics or sprints. Cycle control will automatically roll-up all data from these containers.MetricsFor each release users can define their own custom metrics, which can:be defined using JIRA Query Language (JQL)use issue count and numeric aggregations, for example: Total Open Bugs, Unestimated Issues, Total Backlog Estimate, Release Burn-down, etcshow historic trendsprovide in-depth analysis of changes between two datesRelease CalendarsReleases are visualized on beautiful interactive Calendars. Users can create multiple calendars and choose any number of releases.Release TypesRelease types act as templates and drive consistency across the organization.  
 Traffico is a near real time video analysis solution which analyzes camera feed using Artificial Intelligence. Now let's see what exactly it does :On traffic signal when there is red light Traffico will generate custom voice alerts if someone stop their vehicle on pedestrian crossing or on stop line. By this alert system people will get educated and people can start following rules in the future.By using same solution we are generating custom voice alerts if someone tries to park their vehicle in no parking areas.In future we are planning to make this solution more smart by teaching to detect more traffic rules so it can detect more such things and alert the police. 
 Add-on intelligently groups JIRA issue updates and send them as a digest at a scheduled date/time.The configuration is global as well as per user so every person can choose the best time to receive a digest email or turn it off.Receive Personal Email DigestDozens of JIRA email notifications in one digest letter.Get exclusive digest with the updates specifically for you.Email Notification Digest will group notifications by issues in a chronological order.Custom Digest ScheduleAdjust frequency and time of the digest that will be suitable for you.Turn on/off email digest for the whole JIRA instance or per user.Automatic SetupWorking out of the box with the default configuration.Add-on does not require technical skills to configure.The system will automatically let you know if email server is misconfigured or the license is invalid.Try it out today!Built Withatlassian-sdkjavaTry it outmarketplace.atlassian.com      Submitted to    Atlassian Codegeist 2017Winner                Popular Choice App                  Created by  Oleh Vasyliv 
 Our beautiful and intelligent App helps you in getting lists in a way you have never experienced before. Our App is capable of providing data like :~ Search for route – for pedestrians, bicyclists, and motor vehicles. They can find their perfect path, Signals in between path, Road bumps, Post office, Paid and Free Parking.~ Perfect Path - using this tab you can find shortest and most convenient path for your destination using public transport.~ Fare Calculator -  No need to bargain!!! Enter your Source and destination address, It will help you to find exact fare and Travel Distance using public transport. ~ City/ I-bus Route and area - you can find Route and Bus Detail.~ List of Police Station Numbers and Emergency Contact Numbers~ Swatch Indore - List of Public Toilets close to you~ Driving, Life Saving and Traffic Signal Tips 
 SQL Reporter allows you to runs SQL command for data mining for statistic and report generation. It also allows user to view, display, download them for sharing. SQL Reporter also controls who are authorised to execute and view certain SQL files. It allows tagging of SQL for easy grouping and categorize when finding the right SQL to execute.What's next for SQL Reporter for JIRAConfigure to use multiple datasourceOther awesome chart like Pie, Bar, Stacked, Line, Area ChartingShipped with commonly used SQL ReportBuilt Withcss3javajavascriptTry it outmarketplace.atlassian.com      Submitted to    Atlassian Codegeist 2017    Created by  Ferry Chia 
 "Open Mind" is a Google Chrome extension designed to (1) combat the proliferation of fake news, and (2) increase exposure to opposing viewpoints. It does so using a multifaceted approach -- first, it automatically "blocks" known fake news websites from being displayed on the user's browser, providing the user with a large warning screen and links to more reputable sources (the user can always click through to view the allegedly fake content, however; we're not censors!). Second, the user is given direct feedback on how partisan their reading patterns are, in the form of a dashboard which tracks their political browsing history. This dashboard then provides a list of recommended articles that users can read in order to "balance out" their reading history. 
 Interesting... Make & Get Jobs allow individuals to find local jobs that are nearby and convinient. For example, "I need someone to fix my laptop" or "I need my lawn mowed, $10 an hour." The app combines a unique User-friendly interface with a complex programming back-end. The app is easy to navigate and has three tabs at the bottom of the page. The three tabs let you: View Job Listings, Post a Job Listing, and view nearby jobs on a map. Features?Job Listing Tab: provides the distance of the job from user's location. Includes an image of what the job might look like, and gives the user an option to contact the client by either call or email. All of this done within a single app!Post Page: Lets a user post a job for individuals seeking to make some money. Map Page: Lets a user look up jobs around the world that might interest them. You can pick from a local, national, or a worldwide job. Just click the annotation and you can view the Title & Description for the job and if the job interests you, then you can easily call or email the employer for further details! 
 It is a web application that runs on any web browser and allows you to handle your Linux based DNS, Web and Mail server remotely. It is similar to cPanel which is a graphical utility to manage Linux servers.It runs on port 80 and the best feature of this application is the easy and friendly graphical user interface. 
  
 We built an APP of booking system for potential road users to smooth the traffic demand of Hsuehshan Tunnel by the different toll charges. This APP also has a mechanism to ensure the priority passage for the residents in Yilan County. 
  
 The projects contain three models:Text summarization model can be used by various apps to automate the task of summarizing huge text into a few words. This is something that can be easily plugged into various apps for various use cases. Customer support can be one of the use cases of the apps that might need this.Spam filtering module can filter if the content is a spam or not. This too can be used as a module by various apps to automate things.The third model can be used to identify different verbal instructions. The data used for this is obtained from the Speech Recognition challenge on Kaggle. This model can be used by apps that want to use verbal cues in order to control navigations in the app. For example, instructions like stop, on, off, etc can all be intelligently used by apps to enable navigation in the applications as one of the use cases. 
 HYFY is a Google Chrome extension that records your screen and voice along with your mouse cursor.  You just click the extension button, select Tab or Full Screen recording and select Start Recording. When you're finished, HYFY gives you a video link that you can copy and paste anywhere.  Viewers can see the video without installing any software.  HYFY also offers direct integration with HipChat and JIRA for sharing into your team's workspace.The FREE version can record a single browser tab for up to 4 minutes.  The PRO version ($5/month) lets you record your full screen or any individual window for up to 60 minutes.  Both versions integrate with HipChat for direct sharing to any group or channel, while the PRO version adds a JIRA integration that allows you to create new JIRA issues or update existing JIRA issues with videos right from within HYFY's share dialog.Here is a sample HYFY that shows you how to get started: Getting Started with HYFYWhat is it good for?Here are some great uses we’ve discovered for HYFY within JIRA and HipChat:documenting customer complaints, bugs and feature requestsproviding support assistance back to customerssharing feedback on a live application or set of comps/screenshotsnarrating a peer deliverable/code reviewrecording sprint reviews and status reportsexplaining product roadmaps or demoing competing productssending feedback to designer and UX prosHOWTOs, walkthroughs, help articles and product demospracticing video broadcasting for upcoming demonstrationstraining videostask list capture/bookmarking 
 Utilizing  Amazon Echoes, meeting organizers use natural language to determine the availability of remote team members and initiate a video chat. All teammates, if available, are notified of meeting requests via Slack. Meetings are recorded and transcribed into notes, which are pushed back into the appropriate Slack channel, so everyone is kept in the loop — whether or not they were able to join.How We built itOur UI consists entirely of Alexa which communicates with an Amazon Lambda ‘skill’ which we built to interpret the voice commands. This publishes data to a Redis pub/sub channel which our bots pickup and determine the availability of the participants and responds appropriately - whether setting up a meeting, piped into a slack channel or denies the request.Challenges We ran intoParallelizing work for the hacking timeframe which we overcame with Redis Pub/Sub which allowed us to break up the project into its constituent parts Alexa has a bit of a learning curve - we had no experience with it before the hackathon. Good documentation and use of Amazon lambda made this easierAdding ‘modules’ of availability including Google Calendar, Slack timezones, etcAlexa control over when she listens and when she doesn’t which makes pacing out a ‘natural’ conversation difficultAccomplishments that We’re proud ofMaking an MVP work!Now that we have the MVP there’s many ways we could extend it including new communication parables and other ways of checking a person’s ‘availability’Designing and communicating what we’ve done with a pretty website and clear value propositionWhat We learnedAlexa is a super powerful tool for text to speech. There’s so much more we’d like to extend it withAmazon Lambda functions are amazing and allow for a very functional design processRedis pub/sub is a great short term message bus to divide up work across different servicesWhat's next for Imprompt.ioBuilding out more functionality to determine a user’s availabilityBuilding out more ways of communicating other than video chat. Twilio for instanceSmoothing out the UX with Alexa to make it easy and more naturalBuilt Withamazon-alexagoogle-calendarjavascriptlambdanode.jspubsubredisslackTry it outimprompt.iogithub.com      Submitted to    TechCrunch Disrupt SF 2016    Created by  Brice NkengsaNadayar EnegesiLadi AdenusiScott CarletonTolulope Komolafe 
 Displays a detailed report (showing Issue key, Old Issue Type, New Issue Type, Date of Change & Changed By )on how many times an issue has been changed from one type to another within a selected date range or selected old issue type. Also provides an option to export it in excel format.  
 IRIS is a complete indoor automation solution which uses BLE (Bluetooth Low Energy) Beacons and BLE Receivers to track movable assets inside an indoor facility.  Alongside tracking, IRIS aims at automating the different touch-points in a factory like entry and exit boom barriers, weighing scales and loading bays.IRIS also provides a comprehensive event view for the real time position and status of assets on a top view of the facility. The real time view obviously scores over a monitoring based on CCTV as it provides a detailed, qualitative and quantitative information like the weight measured, driver details of the truck, amount of finished good loaded, event history etc.Safety compliance is a major concern for manufacturing facility. There are not many automated ways for detecting non-compliance, thereby endangering the workers in the facility. IRIS uses  a live feed to detect anomalies based on pre-configured rules. A simple non compliance like not wearing a safety helmet is detected real time and an alarm is raised. This reduces the chances of accidents. 
 My Indore Traffic app. has been built to help the pedestrians, bicyclists, and motor vehicles in Indore in order to promote their safety. This app. Will help commuters to understand the traffic nearby, make sure to take the safest & shortest road to travel. It also provide access to some important traffic light sign and traffic police hand signs. Commuters can also find traffic helpline & Emergency number helpline number. 
 Our proposal to replace conventional water meters with Samsung ARTIK based Smart meters across California, coupled with a user friendly interactive dashboard with applied business intelligence in the background provides a completely digital and collaborative platform to effectively manage water consumption for consumers and water authorities alike. As the day starts, ARTIK installed in the home receives email from the water authorities and this initiates the filling of water tanks up to the daily limit of water allotted to a particular house. Once the water passes through the flow meter, an impeller rotates and toggles an output line which can be used to calculate the amount of water used. Each pipeline is installed with water flow meters to give water consumed readings for an individual activity. In addition, moisture sensor are provided to measure the moisture level in the areas like garden.An interactive dashboard is designed to provide real time water consumption data to the user. The data is also uploaded to the SAMI cloud simultaneously. In addition to providing live consumption data, the dashboard provides live Twitter tweets and customized water saving tips thus allowing the homeowner to make better informed decisions. The smart meter and dashboard also serves as a link between the homeowner and the water authorities. Homeowner can directly report leaks and other problems to the authorities thus reducing water wastage. They can also view their water bills. For authorities, they can easily track and manage leakage and complaints centrally. They can also easily roll-out new regulations centrally. E.g. The Smart meter can be set to automatically disable the irrigation system for specific postcodes on specific days. (With compliance to privacy laws). 
 StepShot for Confluence plugin allows you to launch a desktop client application, that follows your actions in a background and create screenshots with textual descriptions on mouse clicks. When finished - a ready-to-share step-by-step guide can be automatically published back to the Confluence page. 
 HeyTaxi is a virtual assistant (named Sarah), with natural language processing which means you can use everyday language for on-demand ride requests; Sarah will matches these requests with vehicles using an heuristic algorithm to determines whether there are any taxis within an acceptable driving time from the pickup location and with adequate seating capacity.What Sarah can do for youHeyTaxi uses Facebook Messenger, no App. nothing to download. After the automatique redirection to Facebook Messenger, Sarah will ask few question about your location and destination. You can either tape the address or simply send the coordinates using  the "Send location" messenger's feature.After that, Sarah will match users with similar origins and destinations . For female riders, Sarah will march first the female-only ride. What's next for HeyTaxiThe next phase for HeyTaxi is : Create an dedicated free Android application for drivers to help them localise futur passengers and to gather real-time vehicle information for location and fuel level. This data can be used to inform an optimal matching strategy, analyse to traffic jam which can play a significant role in fuel and emissions cost.HeyTaxi doesn't depends on external or payed service for mapping or routing, it's based entirely on free and open source softwares used by major cities like Barcelona, Lyon and other. HeyTaxi uses own Routing Machine, which can includes roadworks, traffic incident and traffic jam. Therefore this service can become a opendata service for the city and help others transportation services like :  Uber, iTaxi and Careem.HeyTaxi works for now on Facebook Messenger, but can be linked to other platforms, such WhatsApp, Skype, Slack and voice recognition assistance like Amazon Echo.Beyond the scope of this hackatron, we hope to get the public administration involved for a real public transportation service and for that we are ready to open source the project.Built Withcss3html5leaflet.jsnode.jsosrmTry it outheytaxi.mawww.messenger.com      Submitted to    Ford Code for Taxicabs Mobility ChallengeWinner                Grand Prize                  Created by  Interactive Object. Innovation and design for people.https://interactive-object.comYounes BenaomarDirector Manager at Interactive Object. Innovation and design for people.Achraf BN 
 This Snippet can download attachment from an email based on its subject line 
 Takes the Public csv files trains it on Station ID applies Linear regression on Public CSV and creates a pattern 
 Metropia seeks to reduce traffic congestion by dispersing drivers along different routes at different times and even to different destinations! We empower our users with critical traffic information and reward them for avoiding traffic and saving time. 
 Elderly Vibrations utilizes Internet of Things(IoT), open source hardware and API's to make the world more accessible for blind elderly people. Android Studio controls extrapolated 3D features using monocular vision. In addition, Android Studio provides a variety of packages and bluetooth solutions to alert the user of possible dangers in their path of travel. Arduino Uno and ESP 32 are used to enhance the connectivity of bluetooth to pass data from the user to the interface. The Arduino connects to two DC motors with home-made counter weights to generate vibrations that prevent the user from walking into unexpected objects. 
 Send and receive Emails with your phone completely offline using a simple phone Call or SMS.Access and share your Files completely Offline.Have Appointments, Birthdays and other notifications delivered directly to your phone through voice Call and SMS.Internet Access used to be the only way to access your Emails. We just created a new way to break that barrier, My Office Cellphone.It's very unfair to have only people with smart phones have access to emails. We just made it fair! Even with a land line, you may now call your emails.Never get late to appointments even when you don't have internet access to check. Because My Office Cellphone will call and text you to remind you. 
 This snippet can segregate the scanned and native PDFs from a given set of PDFs in their respective folder so that other automation can process the further tasks like reading the PDF document with OCR from the Scanned folder & Reading data with the Native or Full-Text method from Native Folder. 
  
 We are developing a Facebook Messenger chatbot that helps migrant to:Connect with a community and social support network in their arrival city.Maintain, manage, and/or get new documentation or registration upon arrival.Match employment based on their skills.Affordable housing information.What is our solution?We built a connectivity tool that works through facebook messenger. This includes two components: a chatbot that initially helps to orient the user and provides some initial useful advice and information, and a connection to a human mentor who can provide more on-going community and support. The chatbot will also guide users to certain other facebook groups and events that are relevant to migrants, which would enable offline engagement through local events and other local groups.What partners are needed for solution to work?An NGO in a city that works on immigrant/social cohesion issues will serve as the trusted intermediary who manages the service. Over time, this can evolve to include networks of NGOs across multiple cities working on similar issues.We assume that the NGO will serve as the group that helps to source mentors and to vet their basic qualifications. They will maintain a database of these mentors that will include the types of expertise and support areas that they are willing to provide new arrivals (their mentees). The NGO may work with corporate sponsors who want to provide mentorship, ideally focused on mentors who have faced similar challenges in their lives and have successfully overcome these challenges. The NGO will also maintain lists of events or connections to other service providers such as churches, food banks, etc.How to ensure privacy and safety of users?We assume that a trusted NGO will establish and follow good practices for data privacy, but may use the data to further their mission of providing services to migrants in need. For example, the NGO may be able to better plan for services based on data that is collected through the tool (e.g. number of arrivals or expected arrivals to a city, potential skills they are bringing, etc.). Similarly, the NGO may share some of this data with other service providers in the city, including trusted government agencies. 
 It scans images of cells to detect if the cell is infected with malaria or not, either when connected to a standard microscope in the lab during diagnosis or when the image of a cell is scanned from almost any surface. 
 Its a Casino with Slots, Blackjack, Roulette. A user gets KIN when they register and can play with those and win more.Kambling- the casino that helps you earn while having fun!Cryptocurrencies are the hot stocks of today. Kambling helps you get your hands on KIN, just by playing your favourite slot machine game!Our features-A welcome bonus of 1000 KIN for all new customersCustomised options for lines, and betting amountVerify your previous gameplay with our verification algorithmsGameplay history (bets, winnings) for your previously played gamesRandom seeds for each slot game- so that the game server can't cheat you out of your winnings!Customisation of profileEasy to use, and easier to win!Try out Kambling, the casino built with blockchain, earn cryptocurrency, and have fun while doing it!Please share your valuable feedback with us, through the rating and review option on the Google Play Store. 
 Play as a wizard who casts deadly spells , you get to choose from 3 different modes :Single Player ( vs Ai ) Local Multiplayer Online Multiplayer (work in progress) 
 MuseFind Redesign website - New concept 
 It links with your Google analytics account and lets you configure to any of the multiple profiles/views present in your account completely through voice. You can ask the skill for the number of page views on any given day or a day range.For example :How many page views did I get today ?How many page views did I get between 5th April and 10th April ? How many page views did I get since last Saturday ? 
  
 This panel allows the viewer to easily post their tracking number in the same area that they got the streamers POBOX information in the first place. That way the streamer doesn't have to worry about where the tracking numbers coming from Twitch Chat, Discord, Twitter, Email or any other number of ways a viewer might try and contact them. All of the packages and info are in one nice easy spot.It also creates a way for the viewer to put an additional message with the package, like "Don't open until Friday!". We even made it fun and easy for other viewers to get in on the action with leaderboards! Now you can find how what viewer sends the most packages and everyone else will know it too! 
 Proper park’s purpose is to translate multiple parking signs into an easily read format so that restrictions are respected and parking tickets are avoided. By snapping a picture of the parking panels, the mobile app deciphers the rest for you. 
 The application first asks the user to register an account with LITT. The user information is then saved on a database server which is being hosted by Amazon Web Services. The application has the ability to recognize incorrect password/username combinations, giving it good security. Once the user is in the application, he/she can create an event by giving basic information (Event name/Description/Date+Time/Location) making it visible to everyone else who is logged in and using the application. A user can also use the interactive Google Maps view to look around their local area to find events of interest. Events that are created show up as markers on the map making it easy for users to find events which are nearby. When a user finds an event which he/she is interested in, they can click on the marker and click "Attend Event". The user interface includes a list of events created as well as a list of events which the user intends on attending. There is also the conveniently located "Logout" button for users who wish to switch accounts or allow someone else to use their mobile device with their own LITT account. 
 Lo-Kate is an android app that allows users to verbally express the object they are looking for and uses the camera to locate the requested object and direct the user towards its location relative to themselves. 
 Set up is as easy as adding Bear Bot to a group conversation. It assumes the creator of the conversation is the Professor and rest of the participants are students (can be changed with make admin command).Here are the main features of Bear:Available Commands: : Available for Professor : Avaialble for StudentOffice Hours  set/delete office hours: To set or delete office hour info  office hours: To get office hour infoCourse Website  set/delete website: To set or delete course website info  website: To get course website infoSyllabus  set/delete syllabus: To set or delete a link of syllabus  syllabus: To get the link of syllabusCourse Resources  set/delete resources: To set or delete a link of course resources  resources: To get the link of course resourcesDue  add/update/delete due: For dues (homework, assignments, reports) with title, description and date  due: To get the list of upcoming duesExam  add/update/delete exam: For exams (quiz, midterm, finals) announcement with title, description and date  exam: To get the list of upcoming examsEvents  add/update/delete event: For events with title, description and date  event: To get the list of upcoming eventNews  add/update/delete news: For important announcements and notifications  news: To get the latest newsPoll  set/delete poll: For in-class questions or polls set poll with .docx file attached: Create poll from file set poll with tex: Create poll with Latex equations poll: To view the active poll result: To get result of an active poll poll: To participate in a pollAnonymous Group Post  post: To anonymously post a question/issue/concern Settings  set timezone: To set timezone, all queries and reminders will fire according to this timezone: To get the currently set timezone make admin: To give someone admin privilege (using email) remove admin: To remove admin privilege (using email)  admin: To see the status of admin privilege of yourselfSource CodeTo have your own Bear:Clone this repository:git clone https://github.com/mehamasum/bear-botcd bear-botInstall dependencies:npm installWrite a .env file with the following:access_token=YOUR_CISCO_SPARK_ACCESS_TOKEN  public_address=YOUR_PUBLIC_ADDRESS_WITH_HTTPS  secret=YOUR_SECRET_STRING  PORT=YOUR_PORT_NUMBER  Launch your bot application by typing:node .To extend:This bot is written in Node.js and built with bot-kit for Cisco SparkAll the actions this bot can perform are in skills/ folder. The main bot application will automatically include any files placed there.A skill module should be in the format:module.exports = function(controller) {    // add event handlers to controller}What's next for BearNatural Language ProcessingRelative time processing in event based input, for example:today at 4pmtomorrow morningnext monday at 11:59amBuilt Withbotkitexpress.jslovemammothnode.jsofficegenrequestTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    Cisco Spark the Industry ChallengeWinner                Best in Education                  Created by  Mehedi Hasan MasumMuhaimin AnandoCurrently Studying in Computer Science and Engineering in University of Dhaka,Bangladesh. 
  
 A short 3-step exam enables you to accurately assess if the person you are doing the test on is indeed sober, or if this person is inebriated. A percentage of confidence of sobriety will be given. These tests are the ones most widely used by law enforcement in North America for an accurate assessment. 
 The first ever interactive 360 WebVR experience on Twitch that amaze and delight streamers and viewers when engaging with your channel.Streamers are able to use provided default 360 templates or create and use their own unique 360 video and or image WebVR templates to use on their channel. Templates allow for text, images, videos, sound, 3d models and animations. Also, streamers are able to create using their own special effects.Streamers can then display Interactive 360 video or image experiences on their channels that viewers can interact with and express themselves by selecting available CG special effects to communicate how they feel or what they think. No more using emoticons, stickers, mojis, gifs to express yourself. Instead viewers communicate using computer generated (CG) special effects such as fire balls, rain drops, snow & sand storms, explosions, etc to communicate with the Streamer and other viewers what they think and how they feel about a specific action/stream. Over 60 special effects available and more are being added.  
 With that in mind, we decided to create a smart garden platform that is meant to make sharing gardens as fast, intuitive, and community friendly as possible. 
 Is a web app that can answer queries of questions related to HIV or other sexual health related.It can send a message through an SMS hotline and reply through sms. The web app has has a chat-bot and also serves as a resource center for sexual health topics. The potential patients can also set a consultation session with a doctor or a qualified sexual health worker 
 Hyper lets you post an item that you're looking for along with the price range, and then a person who wishes to sell that item contacts you to make a deal. 
  
 Enables you to automatically send a text message to your friend, family or loved one when you get to a specified location. Even if you forget. Ensuring your friend Bobby always gets home in one piece, one text at a time. 
 Simple Comedy . It does the simple work of entertainment, entertainment and entertainment. Nostalgic ? or In need for some laughter you can just search your favorite 90's cartoons, 00's cartoons, youtube channels , vines ,pranks, stand-up comedy and much more. Effortless youtube streamingFeaturesWe build the android app with the android SDK and the language that we used is JAVA (so obvious and so old ) and the new KOTLIN for the effortless youtube streaming we used none other than youtube android player api ( Still not obvious ?) .We used the famous library of picasso in our project which I should have replaced it with Glide.How We built itSometimes getting the playlist was a hard task when there are so many copyrighted videos and some videos are not even allowed to play on other websites or application. So we decided to solve this problem by taking the playlist way.We knew we wanted to display all the videos from a particular channel and we thought why not use the playlist id from the top and use it in our app and that solved the problem.Challenges We ran intoFirstly I couldn't find a complete app which gave so many videos together except big companies like Amazon , netflix , hotstar . We decided not to ask anyone but take from youtube and we did just that.Accomplishments that I'm proud ofIt helps making something you always want to make and helps in developing my confidence more and more and passionate to continue doing quality work What I learnedUI / UXYoutube Video APIBetter DesigningNeed for a team Kotlin LanguageWhat's next for SlapStickRight now this app is at a very early stage in development. The minimum viable product has been implemented and everything works.Next Up Is Adding youtube like Pull Down and drag video anywhere Notifications for new video added by any channel Immersive Fullscreen mode Add to Favorites Button User Selected Channels and trending videos based on user's likesBuilt Withandroidandroid-studioapijavajsonpicassoxmlyoutubeTry it outdrive.google.comgithub.com      Submitted to    Make School's Student App Competition 2017Winner                10 Upvote Prize                  Created by  Two Marwari'sNilesh Arnaiyachirag kothari 
 This amazing app helps you to either quick calculate math problems or confirm if your answer is correct. You just need to start a conversation with a messenger bot, and it will help you giving you a list of commands you can use. 
 The smart dustbin visually inspects the items, and alerts the user if the object is recyclable. This event is logged too to see how much trash has been spotted and (hopefully) diverted to the recycling stream. 
 The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, Title V, defines health literacy as the degree to which an individual has the capacity to obtain, communicate, process, and understand basic health information and services to make appropriate health decisions.Health.gov reports that only 12% of Americans are health literate to the point of proficiency. And these broad trends have an even larger impact on the especially poor and/or undereducated.PlainDoc’s mission is simple: We aim to provide an access to the technical field of medicine with a platform that simplifies the medical process and significantly eases the burden of medical issues.Natural Language ProcessingData AnalyticsSiri Voice API IntegrationNative Calendar IntegrationPrescription Data MiningSpecialist Doctor SearchingAutomated Insurance CompatibilityThe premise is simple. The patient records the Doctor's diagnosis, and we do the rest! Next thing you know, the visit to the doctor becomes as plain as day - thanks to PlainDoc! 
 Most of the Gensets come equipped with a controller that allows us an access to vital information. Lumos uses a device built on Aurdino and Raspberry Pi 3 that connects to the serial port and receives information via MODBUS protocol. The Raspberry PI has a GPRS module that allows it to connect to IOT Hub. The device runs IOT Hub client responsible for communicating information to IOT Hub seamlessly and securely. IOT Hub routes the telemetry received to Azure streaming. The telemetry is also separately stored on Cosmos DB. The visual layer of the application consists of Angular 5 with embedded power BI dashboard which is fed by Azure streaming to provide it realtime information about the Genset in question. Lumos can also be downloaded on iOS and Android devices as native mobile applications. The mobile app provides the capability of viewing the current and historical information about the Genset. An alarm generated based on a pre configured condition is received as push notifications on mobile apps.Lumos also provides a visual interface to register Gensets, define a hierarchy to be able to roll the information up. 
  
 When you first open YourHealthy.City, you are asked to enter parameters (Calories, Carbohydrates(g), Proteins(g) and Fats(g)),  as to what you need/want in your meal. The app then finds restaurants nearby and gives you ratings to tell you if their meal is close to meeting your requirements. When in the map view, Pins will appear to mark the nearby restaurants, color-coded by how their meals compare to your requirements. A red pin means that the restaurant has no meals that are close to the needs you specified, yellow means its has at least one meal that is close to satisfying your needs, and green means it has at least one meal that almot perfectly matches your meal requirements. Now that you have found your restaurant, its time to pick your meal! Tapping/clicking on the pin opens a details view for the given restaurant. It lists details about it, as well as lists the meals it offers with ratings on how the compare to your requirements. Ratings are measured between 0 and 5 apples, 0 being the furthest from your needs, 5 meaning exactly what you need. And thats it! You are now ready to take on that diet with one more tool to help you succeed in meeting your goals.How We built itThe app was written in Javascrip using a Node.JS server and a MongoDB databse. We chose these options so that we could quickly create a working prototype to demonstrate our proof of concept. What's next for YourHealthy.CityWe have big plans for our application! The first improvement we want to make is improve the client facing side of the app, by adding photos of the restaurants we list, as well as photos of the meals that each restaurant offers. We also want to implement an administrative portal for restaurants to manage their listingBut how do I make money?? - Kevin O'LearyWell kev, as with any search-based application, there is always ways to make money. With our app, the easiest way to do so is to implement ways for the restaurants to promote themselves, such as prioritized listings, or advertising of promotions. Our goal is to build the brand so that we can eventually charge restaurants to list themselves on the app, thus generating even more revenue from our application.So, with a brand build, and plenty of money-making potential, we believe that YourHealthy.City will become an excellent way to help people get healthy and stay healthy.After all, A healthy city, is a smart cityFind out more :GoogleSlides PresentationGitHub @skiracerdude/hackatown2017Built Withbootstrapcssexpress.jsgoogle-mapshtmljavascriptjquerymaterial-designmongodbnode.jsTry it outyourhealthy.citydocs.google.comgithub.com      Submitted to    Hackatown    Created by  Alex StojdaLoïc HussEmerald-Jayde HenaoIlias DerosI'm a Front-End web developper, I wish I could improve my artsy skills 
 This system contains an IoT device (Smart Container) that alerts the user when they are low on household grocery items. The responsive web online portal helps to identify inventory status of all the grocery items in the house at a glance and order it on a click of a button from the comfort of your home. 
 emoCam captures images in small time intervals, interprets the expressions and then sends this information to the intelligent cloud. This stored data in cloud is analysed and visualized with power BI, to provide insights. Organizations, hospitals, malls can use emoCam to get good feedback on how their customers feel about their services or even get to know the true feelings of their staffs. This will enable business organizations make insightful decisions that will impact productivity. 
 This application takes advantage of the unprecedented visual and interactive capabilities of modern VR devices to create tangible experiences exploring abstract mathematical ideas. Our app aims to allow students to reach out and touch concepts that they have previously seen only in a classroom. Building a strong physical and geometric intuition is an important skill for any student pursuing a technical education, and our tools aim to enhance this skill that is often overlooked. 
  
 We have built an IoT based SMART Well Monitoring System with various sensors and analytics to make the villagers and authorities aware of the quality of water before use. The Well monitoring system will be sensing Turbidity, water level, dissolve oxygen, temperature of water and possibly pH value. The values are displayed over a dashboard on IBM Bluemix cloud and a mobile app is built for villagers/authorities. The system is ready to implement on well and the final aim is to build many system which will collect data from multiple wells and perform multiple analytics using bluemix APIs which will be predictive in nature.  The system is powered by Solar panels to make it independent of any power needs from electricity supply.  The system is communicating using GSM/GPRS packet and the reason for choosing this communication protocol is it is the only way to access network in villages (at least in India ). In case of water being not usable a visual alarm will warn the villagers.  
  
 It provides a platform for people of Mexico city to connect together for sharing personal opinions of the transportation system, thereby providing data which can be made available for everyone, for example we can now know which paths have an affinity towards being late or which ones are unmaintained, this data can also be used by transportation providers for betterment for their system. If a user wants to tell others about bad roads in a bus route the he/she can simply click and post a photo of it for everyone else to see. 
 A possible solution is to ventilate the rear through a fresh air flow. This can be achieved in several ways, giving more space in the back or moving the air with fans.But of course, all this makes no sense if we do not have consumption data and temperatures. This is where Arduino comes into play, where we will connect the temperature and power consumption sensors to transmit them to a database in the cloud.Posed the problem and a possible solution, we already had where to start the project.BackgroundBefore I get fully involved in explaining what the project is and how we are developing it, I will put you in a position.There are more than 7 billion people in the world. One in five has a refrigerator in their house. That's more than 1.5 billion refrigerators.This appliance is one of the few that is on 24 hours a day and 365 days a year. This means that each refrigerator consumes an average of 450 KWh per year. If we multiply the number of refrigerators around the world (1,5 billion) and the annual consumption of each, the total leaves 649 million MWh of annual consumption.If we look at it from another perspective, we can state that all home refrigerators in the world consume more than a country like Germany.Source wikipediaTherefore, supposing we could reduce the consumption of all the refrigerators in the world by 10%, we would be saving a total of 64.9 million MWh per year. If a KWh equals 0.62 kg of CO2, we would avoid pouring 42,185,000,000 kg of CO2 into the atmosphere.The mere fact of having consumption data of household appliances, makes your electric bill to be reduced by 10%. As we will see throughout this project, this device can be used for other appliances. This implies that we may have considerable electric bill savings . 
 Stratejos assists project managers, product managers and teams with running better releases and projects. It does this through:A Helper Bot: It follows best practice, alerts the team to risks and follows things up to make sure they get done. Advanced Analytics: Highlighting areas of inaccuracy and making predictions through knowledge of projects with the help of the bot.Intelligence Engine: The engine understands how teams want to work.Stratejos is designed to work alongside your favourite add-ons (e.g. Tempo, JIRA Portfolio) 
 CITYSCOPE connects public and private transportation systems, to give the best options available. It will depend on current position, destination, incidents. And people can help giving advices for best routes, and security advices.  
 Hootchat is a mobile chat which integrates different social medias (Facebook and Foursquare) and concentrates the communication between the contacts in one app in real time. It’s an innovative multi platform, which contains push notifications for the mobile, even when the device is offline.  
  
 Presents an immersive experience of any object or creature. Allows for a preview of architectural and interior decoration projects allowing the client (or users) design and decide exactly what they want. 
 This channel incentivize Indore residents to be virtual traffic cops to help fix bad road traffic situation and in the process participate in various city level monthly competitions & get rewarded DKB host 5 contests for residents to help improve traffic:Top violation reporter of month. (Rule violation reporting like traffic signal jump)Top alert reporter of month (Alert like accidents, pit holes on road, livestock on main road)Top rule follower of the month (Person who report most rule followed cases. Like wearing helmet daily)Top Driver of the month (Driving behaviour analysis based on openXC commands captured via DKB Android app)Top referrer to people who invite most people on DKB platform to help improve Indore TrafficActive Indore residents can use this channel to shout out about key happenings which affect the road traffic. Happenings could be:Bad like traffic rule violation done by someone or incident like accident which adversely affect road traffic of city Good like someone actively following some traffic rule and spreading awarenessAll reported events will go to area validators who will validate the event & it's severity and subsequently based on it system will calculate points, rank and change leaderboard status of participantAdditionally Residents can download DKB Mobile (Android) app to participate in best driver competition. DKB Mobile app leverages Vehicle Interface commands from Ford OpenXC/OBD2 devices to capture vehicle commands like vehicle speed, high beam status while resident is driving the vehicle and rank him/her based on driving behaviorSystem will constantly calculate points of all reported events & driving behavior to rank participating Indore residents on Leaderboard. Rewards: At the end of the month (T&C*)Top 3 ranked participants for each category will feature as toppers on Posters/Hoardings in prime Indore area/squareInterview of top ranked participant for each category will be published in local news channelsHoliday/Dinner packages for family for top ranked participant of each category 
  
  
 Including a small JavaScript file in your web code to override the window.onerror browser function will reroute uncaught exceptions to a locally running node.js web server. From there, a GET request is made to StackOverflow's API to search for questions (sorted by highest vote count) where the error message exists in the question title. The answers to each question are then extracted, and if answer content can be converted to instructions including where to make changes to the code, those changes will be made. 
 park.AI sets up conveniently into your existing security cameras and with a quick setup is ready to broadcast to the world and yourself how many parking spots are available in real-time. It can also accept payments for parking, alert users when their reservation is ending and alert the owner that someone has not left their spot yet when their reservation expires. 
 Using AI (Artificial Intelligence), Deep Affects extracts data from text, video and audio files in communication channels, collaboration tools and project management software. Deep neural nets are used to craft models molded by principals of Neural Management Methodology. The resulting outputs come in the form of a dashboard, alerts, recommendations and APIs.By embedding Emotional Intelligence (EI) in pre-trained deep learning models formed with neural methodology, DeepAffects provides EI Analytics for Human Resources and Project Management. Manage people and projects with the ability to do the following:Monitor EI Analytics relative to the impact on project tasks at the individual and team levelView emotional interactions between teams to gain insights on corporate cultureAssess employee EQ (Emotional Quotient) for initial hiring and employee evaluation 
 ExcelPost is capable of making REST calls from Excel spreadsheet. It also helps to document those request and response payloads 
 Updated Issues Basket is a gadget that will show you the issues that have been updated since the last time you viewed them. You can choose to show the issues that you watch or the issues of any saved filter. You can put several Updated Issues Basket gadgets on your dashboard to give you a one glance overview of what is new in the projects that you are interested in. You can just turn off JIRA notifications and avoid all the spam in your inbox!How it's builtBased on Atlassian Connect,  written entirely using static HTML, JS & CSS.Challenges we facedSince this is the first Atlassian Cloud add-on we make, we had some difficulties using Atlassian Connect.But the real challenge was to design a GUI that gives you enough information  and is integrated with the common JIRA outlook.What's next for Updated Issues BasketNext on our list is releasing the server version of the plugin and adding more issues filtering options to make it even easier for users to see only the updates that are important for them.Built Withatlassian-connectTry it outmarketplace.atlassian.com      Submitted to    Atlassian Codegeist: Add-on Hackathon    Created by  My main responsibility was to clarify the requirements and to assure that the design and the implementation will meet them.George StoyanovI was overlooking the process of add-on creation.Boyan AngelovAddon implementationGalin MladenovIdea, design, build and continuous integration.Petar Velikov 
  
  
 My Ride provides the necessary tools for each college or company has its own carpooling application, It's focuses on car sharing between persons of the same college or company.MyRide has an algorithm that detects trips near to you in a radius! The application uses Email Authentication, and all people with the same email domain can view the routes and make bookings!For example Charlie goes to work everyday in his car and John needs ride1) Charlie offer new ride in the app.2) John searches nearby trips and found Charlie ride.3) John sends booking to Charlie.4) Charlie accepts the booking.5) John looks the ride in his map.6) Charlie looks the passengers in his map. 
 HeartCare is an application that gives any user real-time ECG readings. The app is connected to a system which consists of an ECG sensor and a GPS module which is interfaced with the Genuino 101. The Genuino 101 uses the ESP8266 WiFi module to transmit the ECG values and the patient’s location to a server. The app obtains the values from the server and displays a real time graph for the patient and doctor to monitor the heart rate.The ECG sensor is what sets apart the HeartCare system from other similar products in the market because the ECG signal is accurate. 
 Ripples controls a physical representation of an actual water system in a home or business. Ripples also hosts an emulation of physical devices that, due to practicality, cannot be part of the physical model described in the "Part2-PhysicalWalkthrough" video.Ripples achieves this emulation capability by interaction of the emulation server (emulationSvr in the video), which directly controls solenoid operated valves in the physical system shown operating in Part1-Introduction. emulationSvr also emulates devices that are not physically built or devices present in another organization zone (e.g., another home or business).Ripples achieves water conservation by the use of water quota policies and social feedback, such as: striving for rewards that are relevant to each user of the water system, and participation in activities that conserve water across a social group (i.e., saving water is not constrained to working in concert with only those in your own home or business, enabling groups of people to combine forces). Some ways that people can combine forces include multiple homes/businesses signing up for Civic overrides. Civic overrides interrupt discretionary water consumption when demand is high for high priority water uses and supply of water is low (similar conceptually to electrical energy conservation concepts that reduce demand). 
 It allows the user to decide which locations they wish to visit and creates a fluid navigation to go through all of them without wasting time. The route is a round-trip to the hotel that the user selected. 
  
 Solution used Azure Custom Vision model that has been trained to run on Azure IOT Edge runtime. This device predicts the presence of a child in a car and continuously monitors the temperature to provide Realtime alerts and phone calls to designated numbers.Also provides exact street address and vehicle details. 
  
 It takes minimal inputs from the user and identifies the Blood Alcohol Content (BAC). The idea is to give an approximate BAC and also promote hailing a cab rather than driving. 
 We have three (3) bins: compost, recycling, and trash. A voice-over is played to indicate where the user should place their trash (randomized). Sensors over each bin detect  which bin an object is placed in. If the user places the trash in the correct bin, the audio plays a pleasant message. If placed in the incorrect bin, they will be scolded. Tsk, tsk. 
 You have a service which provides a REST API but the world wants it as a live updating DDP API. With just some simple configuration you can add a DDP API to your site.http://rest2ddp.meteor.com/You can create configurations for REST API endpoints, and the system makes a DDP subscription available. You define the following:URL for the REST API endpointA JSONPath expression that describes where to find an array in that responseSome variables that can be substituted at the time of subscription (e.g. ids, url parameters, auth tokens, etc).The name of the collection that the data will go intoHow often to poll for updates 
 TheFriendZone relies upon the simplistic concept of anonymity. It brings two players together, anonymously, who must then complete a challenge by working together, complementing each other's skills. When the pair of players successfully complete the challenge, only then are their individual profiles revealed on the scoreboard and they can see their partner's picture, username, level, etc.The anonymity and gaming aspect of TheFriendZone basically allows for a pure and exciting learning environment which is unaffected by any outside variables, in this case, gender. 
 ModSense is a smart, modular and connected power strip. You don't have to adjust to the product, the product adjusts to you. Add how many modules you need, to plug how many devices you want. All sockets have power measurement and can be turned on and off remotely, controlled in a web browser or by a mobile application. You can program your power strip to turn on/off the devices at a certain hour or under certain conditions ( e.g. the temperature in the room is above 25ºC, so you want to turn off the socket controlling the heater or if you shutdown your computer it can automatically turn off the peripherals). Because it is modular, each socket can have a different feature, like temperature sensing, air quality sensing, noise sensing or it can even act as a wifi repeater. All this data is sent to a server where it is accessible through a web browser and a mobile application where the communication works both ways. Also, because it's modular, we can have modules with different socket standards, e.g. in a restaurant, our strip could be used for tourists to charge their devices without the need for an adapter. 
  
 Our solution uses blockchain to create a tamper-proof record of IoT meter readings. We also use different machine learning -namely K-means clustering, anomaly detection with autoencoders and LSTM.   
 Dawn would help researchers by offering related topics to research, highlighting key parts of an article, display related academic articles sourced from many reputable publishers (i.e. Nature), take notes on an article, define words in articles, give citations for articles, add articles to projects (which are like playlists), and produce a bibliography and/or notes page for a project. Most importantly, this can all be done on one website, without having the need to switch tabs, windows, etc. 
 Our chrome-extension allows you to easily check the reliability of the article you are currently viewing. Our product is easy to install, user-friendly and fully expandable.** Easy to install **Simply go to the Chrome Web Store to install our chrome extension. In less than 2 minutes, you can be up and running using HoaxSpot.** User-Friendly **Once installed, HoaxSpot works in the background to help you find the reliability of your articles. To use HoaxSpot, simply click on the extension's logo. There, our app will automatically tell you how reliable the article is.** Fully Expandable **We trained our algorithms to detect signs of "fake news" using more than 10,000 different articles from more than 100 different sources. We believe that the capabilities are limitless and that our algorithms could work even better with more training. This would allow HoaxSpot to provide better feedback on the articles you are viewingWe are confident that HoaxSpot is the solution for eliminating this "fake news" mania and make readers more aware of the reliability of their sources. 
  
 Whenever a person is in danger (depending on the type of danger level the individual is in) a real time mapping has been done of the safety of various areas. Based on this, individuals have a comprehensive knowledge of the safety level of each of the areas. This also helps officials in finding the various zones that require more attention and police patrolling the area. This will also help reduce the rate of crimes taking place by facilitating a bridge between the grievances of the citizens and the authorities who can take action to resolve their issues. This also helps speedy redressal of problems. What's next for Unsafe Area MappingWe want to create an application that reports the highest threat directly to the concerned authorities as well as the family members while updating the people about the safety in that region. We could also expose an API for the already existing apps so that they can continue to provide security to people all over using real data rather than the simulated data that we used for this demo. With more data, we can even use learning algorithms to predict the unsafe areas on a given time segment along with the crime type, so that prior patrolling can be done near these spots!Built Withazureazure-functionsazure-iot-suitec#cosmosd3.jsflasknode.jsTry it outunsafeareamapping.azurewebsites.net      Submitted to    Azure IoT on Serverless Hackathon    Created by  Saumya SuvarnaMashrin Srivastava 
 It is a strategy game which focused on team building and turn based action. 
 Red Brick is an web based app that aims to:•Increase users understanding of their own medical record.• Facilitate instant donation of blood, bone marrow, and other parts from the users straight to the patients through the hospital system.  
 Issuing a cryptocurrency has many conveniences for a modern city or country. This token is compliant with all cryptocurrency standards and it can be exchanged for goods and services in Montreal. Ultimately this coins is worth as much as people who believe in it. If we were to have some officials from Montreal's administration to introduce it for services like BIXI bikes, STM tickets, Museum tickets, this could become a big technology.I have added additional features, like checking wallet balance with a sms message. Creating a wallet on the website. etc. 
 Kanoah CRM organizes and streamlines your sales process right inside JIRA.Create JIRA projects using a custom template specially designed for CRM activities, which includes issue types, custom fields and workflows.Manage Deals, Activities, Organizations and Contacts.Display deals on a handy Sales Pipeline, to visually track the progress of each of them.Provides reports to get useful information to make better decisions.Integrates Deal information inside the view issue screen to support sales.Kanoah CRM has its own documentation page. 
 Using sensors, camera, machine learning and cloud technologies, our system detects and processes real time non-recyclable and non-organic waste violations and provide analytics to authorities to take appropriate action. These violations occur when non-recyclable or non-organic items are thrown in recyclable or organic trash bins respectively. 
  
  
 Wheels is a social network for mobility, where members offer and demand routes with their friends or colleagues to share their cars, taxi services or bicycle plans. Thus, in this network users can take, for each route, a role: passenger, driver, taxi sharer or cyclist. This social network is a platform that serves to enable people to share their vehicles, taxi services or bicycle plans for its recurrent trips such as going from home to work or college and vice versa routes. However, unlike the various initiatives of carpooling in the market, we guarantee to the users conditions of safety and security because people never interact with strangers, but with known people of confidence from three main groups: friends (Facebook or friends who are in your contact list), colleagues (the university or work, can interact by having active institutional mail) and contacts (private groups for neighbors, private groups for people doing sports on weekends, etc). Thanks to Wheels cars, taxis and bicycles in the cities can increment the occupancy rate because the more we promote initiatives like carpooling, more people will start to shift their mobility patterns to start a new way of travelling. Also, we are aiming to work next to transportation agencies so that they can use our data to generate solutions in the cities. 
 Creating Incident / Request in Service Now using Uipath  
 An interactive app which allows the user to lend and borrow books. A person can add his/her book to the app that he/she wants to lend and also can borrow from others. This will help the user to save money.## How it worksInitially:-This app will let the user add books he/she would like another person to borrow, his/her address and contact details, ask him/her to add his genre to it.-A user can borrow books made available by others.-The minimum time period to lend books is 1 week.-The app will have a chat box to make friends and meet people having the same interest in books as he/she has.-First-time sign-ups will get some ebooks free.-If a person is able to lend 3 books in a month, he/she will get a free book from a budding author. [as a gift from our side]-Borrowed books will be circulated within city of user`s residence.-The person who borrows the book has to pay the delivery charges.Afterward:-Introduction of points- *A person who lends a book gets 20 points *Refer 5 friends-10 points *When 100 points collected free book from our side [of a budding author]-Ewallet like paytm, etc will be used as a payment gateway for all transactions.Later on:-Collaboration with Amazon`s ebook-When a user has lent 20 books in a year and collected 1000 points, gets to choose any three books and we will provide any one of the three books free of cost.      Submitted to    Idea Hackathon 2019    Created by  Manya Sharmasunidhi64 Sharma 
  
  
 Bussi is a transportation network that gives the possibility to transport groups in a Van, linking people with same routes. we make dynamic routes based on traffic behavior and people destination. Through a platform that gives unique user experience to people who wants to move between hard dense urban points to jobs and principal places in main cities with a mobile app. Our goal is to give an affordable cost service atmosphere with help crowdsourcing and on demand service. 
 We strive to come up with a solution that's not only feasible in theory, but also functions well in real life, so constructing an app for all android system users has always been our main goal in the project. After analyzing the traveler needs, we developed this solution app called "UWay". the The user can install UWay on their mobile phones and look for the traffic information of Freeway No.5 anywhere, anytime. Besides highway information, we also provide other traffic website links and traveling information of Yilan. The UWay app has six main functions:Road Condition InquiryHere, the app shows the synchronized traveling speed of six segment on Freeway No.5. The exact speed in km/hr is provided, with corresponding traffic status "smooth", "average", "congested".Travel Time EstimationThe traveling time in each of the six segments is provided. The user can add up the total travel time based on the sections he/she will travel by clicking on the "checkbox"s of each segment.  Travel Cost EstimationThis function pre-calculate the travel fees on the six segments of freeway NO.5 according to the traffic fluctuation. We set the base toll rate at 1.2NTD/km, and the rate varies with the travel speed. The different rates are shown in the following: Travel speed             Number of times of the original rateover 70km/hr                      X160~70km/hr                          X250~60km/hr                          X340~50km/hr                          X530~40km/hr                          X7below 30km/hr                  X12The system can also add up the total cost depending on the sections designated by on the user.Other LinksThis part of the app provides the links of other websites containing traffic information all over Taiwan. This may be very useful if the driver decides to take alternative routes to Yilan.Travel InformationThis link will direct the user to the Yilan official tourism website, providing local transit information and other upcoming tourist events.Incidents reportThis is a feedback function for travelers to instantly report back to the system on the current traffic status or road incidents.For further details please check out our demo video.How We built itWe divide our team into two groups responsible for programming and promotion video editing/web page managing.The app: developed by MIT app inventor 2.Travel speed data: Government database.App icon, menu icons: created through Illustrator and Photoshop.Animation: created by Photoshop with timeline function. App demonstration: operated on an android phone.Post-production: Power Director 14.Challenges I ran intoAfter we decide to reduce congestion traffic flow by raising the section toll rate, the first challenge we encountered is to determine the travel speed interval and the corresponding toll charge( how high should the charge get?). It took us a lot of discussion to finally set a 10km/hr interval and an increasing 2,3,5,7,12 times toll rates. Based on personal experiences, we all agree that the current toll fee is too low to force travelers to take different routes. A maximum 12 times of the original rate should be enough to compel most divers to take other roads.The second big problem is the data source. We encounter difficulties trying to directly download the instant speed data from the National Freeway Bureau website, so instead we focus on the downloadable Freeway No.5 traffic data of April, May June of this year(2015). We analyse the data provided by 157 cameras over the three month period first by removing the false/unreasonable data and then averaging the data during the same hour of every day, and finally locating the cameras closest to the current toll gates and use their data as reference speeds. Overall, it was a very time-consuming process due to the large amount of data.Accomplishments that I'm proud ofAs a group as students, we're very proud of the fact that we created the "UWay" app all by ourselves! And although there are several downloadable apps providing freeway traffic information and toll fee calculation, we are the first to develop an app that combines the two major functions!!!What's next for Hsuehshan Tunnel TransformerAlthough we are very proud of what we've done, there are still some possible improvements that can be worked on in the future:Find a way to directly use the immediate speed data in the current app to increase accuracy.Increase the functions of the app( future traffic prediction, alternate routes advise...).Thank you for your time and we hope you support our project~!!!Built Withadobe-illustratorandroidgoogle-app-enginemit-app-inventorphotoshoppythonTry it outwww.dropbox.com      Submitted to    Hsuehshan Tunnel Transformer    Created by  Li Zhong YohChia-Huai ChangChia-Wei Hsuyuhsuan tungCheng En WuYang Cheng-YingMing Hua Li 
 We built a React Native App for cross-platform compatibility. Our goal was to improve the quality of life of individuals with stricter than normal dietary restrictions (allergies, religion,personal preferences, etc). The app works as follows. The user is first asked for their dietary restrictions. Our application supports the major dietary restrictions such as vegan, gluten, lactose, peanuts and many others. The user then takes a picture of the ingredient list on the food package.Using the Azure Cognitive Vision API, words are pulled from the image and checked against a database of keywords of the desired restrictions. If a positive match occurs, the user is advised that they should not consume this product. Otherwise, they're good to go. 
 Our application focuses on improving the shared taxi experience in Morocco by making shared rides:faster (set your ride in few clicks or join a ride in one click), safer (no personal data such as real name, email address or phone number is shared within the app + passengers can be rated + taxi ride can be limited to only women or only men), more cost and time efficient for taxi drivers and their passengers (a messaging feature is available to facilitate the organisation of the ride)We are launching a mobile platform to design and schedule trips, connect with passengers and enjoy an easy and pleasant ride.1) Draw your ride:  in few seconds, in the app, a passenger will create a taxi ride with a pick-up point and an arrival point, 2) Publish your ride: the passenger posts the details of the ride to the users of the app (details include the departure time, the meeting point, the number of available places, whether the ride is limited or not to women or men.3) Find passengers: people interested by the ride will book their place in the app and can chat with the other passengers. 
 From Initial Candidate sourcing to the final hiring decision, this app employs Appian, RPA and AI which helps the company to streamline the complete recruitment process. While Appian manages the overall Recruitment process including creating job requisition, candidates shortlisting and confirmation of Interview schedule, the robot, and AI  performs routine and repetitive tasks like sourcing candidates from various job portals, making cold calls and creating the meeting links.How We built itAppian serves as a central point where the data will be stored during the process to create an automated task, candidate profiles and reports for future references and monitoring purposeAutomation Anywhere integrate Bots and AI to speed up and include Efficiency and Accuracy to the Recruitment Processopencats is used to search for Candidates profile through various job portalsICT Broadcast is used to make IVR CallsGoogle AI used to convert Speech to TextGoogle Maps API for displaying the location of the Candidates based on their address retrieved from their CV/ Resumes Scheduling the interview is done through MEAN StackZoom is used to conduct the interviewsChallenges We ran intoLearn how to accurately mimic human intelligence.For example, search resumes as accurately as a human recruiter for a specific role.To avoid duplication of candidate's profiles.Accomplishments that We are proud ofAutomated Workflow helps in creating the job requisition, shortlisting the candidates and confirming the Interview slotsLeveraging Automation Anywhere Bot, the process of sourcing, screening and conducting the interviews are automated resulting in saving huge time in manually selecting the candidatesIntegrates with IVR (Interactive Voice Response) to convert Job description text to speech and use it for Cold callingReal-time data analytics and reporting tool helps in tracking the candidate’s status through the hiring processWith Automation, all candidates are screened against the same criteria consistently.What We learnedWith the help of Intelligent Recruitment Process, We were able to learn that we could achieve the following:Improved Speed of Recruitment ProcessTested and Skilled CandidatesIncreased Staff ProductivityBetter Decision Making to get the Best Talent in the MarketVisibility into Process Metrics for Improved PerformanceWhat's next for Intelligent Recruitment Process1.Machine Learning2.AI on analyzing Candidates CV/Resume3.CV Sourcing from Various Professional Networking Sites4.Email CampaigningBuilt Withappianatsautomation-anywheregoogle-aiipaivrmean-stackrpazoomTry it outtamminademoapps.com      Submitted to    Appian World Hackathon 2019    Created by  Overall involved in setting up a collaboration framework, creating a solution prototype, participating in technology selection, controlling solution development, implementing best practices & coding standards and also project managementBenhail KatonTech Lead - Solution Architect - Appian Designer (Certified) - Gold Certified Practitioner at Tech Tammina LLCIn this project I am responsible for creating the Appian interfaces, process models and API calls required to kick off the Appian processes and testing the same.Santosh KumarPlatinum Certified Appian Consultant at Tech Tammina LLCIn this project, I'm responsible for creating a Appian smart service plugin to contact Automation Anywhere control room from Appian.Involved in implementing Smart service plugin using Appian Public java API.Involved in designing and developing Appian interfaces, process models. Dharma RaoIn this project I'm responsible for creating the Appian records, interfaces, templates, sites and maintained the application according to the Appian UX Design GuideAswini SatyavarapuGold Certified Appian Developer at Tech Tammina LLCIn this project, I have worked on RPA related activities like Creating metabots, Integrating with Taskbots and Consumed the REST API calls coming from Appian. Automated all phases of recruitment life cycle activities through Automation Anywhere bots.Kumar jagadish Lankalapalliprasanthi KilaniViswanatha KVSJ SastryKinjal Banatwala 
 With this app one can create digital social and professional cards which can be shared with anyone having the app in just a scan. Companies can also create their own custom organisation cards. 
 We are using Alexa skills to ask the technical questions, which will be hard coded using Node.js. For example, we have 100 applicants selected through ATS. The first level of interview will be conducted through Alexa. This saves the time for both Technical as well as HR recruiter. We are using Dynamo DB to store the results from Alexa and IBM Watson will be used to process the results which can filter the top students accordingly.  
 At high level the solution addresses three main concerns Order Time Prediction: Predicts the right order time and quantity of raw materials in line with materials processed in the plant and brings in visibility to the supplier Order Validation- Sales visibility: Validate the sales order based on system constraints and suggest go – no go decision based on the cost, availability and existing production orders, assisting the sales team. Order Tracking – Operation visibility : Brings in visibility into the operations, which would assist the plant manager in making informed decisions 
  
 The chatbot basically collects your travel preferences in a user-friendly manner. It then sends those to a database of local travel agents, who can design perfect travel packages to suit the traveler's requirements and contact the travelers.  
  
  
  
 In iBite, you can share your famous homemade recipes with a large audience. You will be in charge of your own page; you can add posts and manage your page's design. You can also like other pages and view what recipes they post. In addition, liked posts can be saved for an easy access.  
 Access Granted shares advice on how to best respond to both common and difficult interview questions. Job seekers can practice verbally responding to interview questions after learning about them and jotting down talking points. 
 We decided to give farmers another option: remove the salt before they irrigate. With this option, farmers can use electricity to separate the salt from their water, allowing them to use only the water that they need to grow their crops at the maximum yield they can achieve.In short, we built a desalinator for individuals, and it's called EDDI. EDDI is an appliance. Its size makes it perfect for smaller farms, and it connects into existing utilities. EDDI is scalable. Simply add more layers and voltage, or chain two devices together and you can increase your desalting capacity.EDDI is intelligent. You can control it and monitor it from any internet-connected device in the world. With the EDDI web application, you can easily visualize your water's salinity, and how much salt is being removed. You can even download a spreadsheet to analyze your groundwater and plan for your next year. 
 Suretify is a new lightweight web app to simply hospital workflows through automated follow-up of discharge surveys, critical health values, and current hospital protocols that we are submitting for competition in the AthenaHealth MDP Innovation Challenge. We have created if-this-then-that style triggers for health data, such as making a phone call, sending a secure email, or even a custom web integration, that takes the burden off health care providers to perform follow-up while collecting data from patients and providers automatically.FeaturesMake, edit, and store secure interactive surveys online via our lightweight web interface for any healthcare protocol, discharge survey, or follow-up procedure, and share them securely with patients at homeConnect triggers to the results of any survey question that matches some particular criteria that perform automatic actionsAutomatically make a phone call to another provider or patient, send an SMS, email, or even push to a custom integration Gather information outside the record automatically in response to critical values through trigger actions and add it to the recordRuns autonomously, even while you sleep, in the cloud and accessible via a lightweight web and mobile interfaceBacked by HIPAA-compliant cloud services and our BAA (coming soon)What's next for SuretifyThis app is currently available as a demo prototype and we expect to launch a full version in the coming weeks.ContactE-mail the team at raneff@gmail.com, shirinpoustchi@gmail.com, jdutt55@gmail.comBuilt Withbootstrapceleryflaskhtml5pythonredistwiliovirtru      Submitted to    The More Disruption Please Innovation ChallengeWinner                People’s Choice Award                  Created by  MD/PhD Student at Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai; EHHOP Student Clinic Technology Chair;  Full-stack developmentRyan NeffPharmD, Rutgers EMSOP. MD student, Rutgers RWJMS. Concept development. Shirin PoustchiM.D. Student, Rutgers RWJMS. Founder, Biomedical Entrpreneurship Network, Rutgers RWJMS. Founder, Microject LLC. Business development for Suretify. John Dutton 
 Molecula indexes all emails in your Inbox and groups all the people you communicated with using special criteria. Groups then are visualized in a form of cool bubbles, where bigger ones represent groups of people you communicated with more frequently. Want to start a new thread? Simply click a bubble, rearrange the recipients for TO, CC and BCC fields and you are done! 
 We are a software that are useful for both people transports between Taipei and Yilan and concerned authorities. For people transports between Taipei and Yilan, they can easily grab needed information and compare all ways in our app. For example, they can see which way is faster and cheaper now. Besides, we even provide discounts and booking system in our software. We can give some incentives to seduce them using public transport system. If they want to take the bus, they can book it immediately; if they decide to drive, they can reserve for reserved lane. They can use our services with app and website anytime anywhere.   For concerned authorities, we are a real time supervisory control system. We can collect how many people book for reserved lane and they can make further modification. For instances, if they know around 2000 cars will influx into the system, they can distribute the lane or even suggest some users set off earlier with our serivce. They can also combine it with eTag and  License Plate Recognition System to get some important parameters or charge higher with these users. We can control it better but not like now depend on police officiers' instinction.In conclusion, we are a two-way solutions for users and officiers. There will be a synergy effect if we can connect users and officiers with our services.   
 Our api receives snapshots from video feeds and sends back a threat level, corresponding to the likeliness of seeing a weapon in the picture. We then send notifications to the web client, and to whomever might be concerned by the event via text message. (This would be a good way to quickly contact the nearest police department, for instance) 
 This Alexa skill tries to retrieve the most recent tweet about the bus number uttered by user. Alexa then reads this tweet to the user. 
 With Mood Buddy, you can listen to calming music from nature, exercise, and write journals. You can track your mood before and after self-care, so as to find the best self-care method and routine for yourself. 
 User can choose a language to practice. Ideally, he has some previous knowledge of it, but he lacks in vocabulary and spelling skills.User hears a word being told and should write it down ("guess it")A "guessed word" means that the user spelled the word that he correctly heard and that the recognition API recognized it as such. As an added bonus, this motivates the user to write  more clearly, besides watching his spellingMore guessed words lead to a higher level of spelling skillThe user is presented with short words to begin with. As he's leveling up, the words become longer and harder to spell. On the contrary, that doesn't mean they're being harder to recognize - MyScript's CDK has surprised us many times in successfully recognizing long, lousy written words.Added motivation for the user is a scoreboard of top players, sorted by their spelling level, on a daily, weekly and "all time" basis 
 Our application will watch a video for you and generate a summary in seconds. 
 Our application streamlines the data collection process, and only asks question that are pertinent to each applicant's personal circumstances. The questions are clear and concise with logical response options.  
 In essence the application is a chat monitor that performs analysis using some javascript and the AWS Comprehend NLP engine. The once the streamer has the extension open, it will begin to read chat, submitting 2 minutes for processing. Once results are received, the extension will show:Sentiment AnalysisUsing Comprehend, the overall sentiment of the last 2 minutes of chat. The UI shows an emoji consistent with the chat sentiment and some text on the sentiment return. As a note, emojis are excluded from analysis as they may skew the results. Under the simple at a glance sentiment there is a small line graph showing the sentiment of the session in relation of positive sentiment score, the higher the point, the more positive the chat was, this can be expanded in future iterations.Profanity PercentageThis card will show the simple percentage of lines that contained profanity. Again, emotes are excluded from this list to avoid skew. Unlike sentiment analysis this is a running percentage for the session. The anaysis is a regex filter that looks for common 'bad words' and makes the occurrence per line. The measurement is the percentage of chat messages containing at least one bad word.Repeated LinesThis simple comparison is also a running percentage of the number of repeated lines in a segment. Emotes excluded again this is a very simple text comparison. In future iterations I would hope to be able to take advantage of a better (and cheaper :)) text analysis tool to better compare text lines for similarity.Emote SpamThis simple calculation shows the percentage of chat lines that were emote only and contained more than one emote. No hard calculations here as I am able to grab the emote tags to determine if emotes are present and how many and this becomes my counter. 
 Voedsel provides hygienic street food at your door-steps Our complete idea can we viewed in the following presentation -https://drive.google.com/open?id=11FzN2X5QptFk2-ORwuYkb7B5nOkCqHb5Try it outdrive.google.com      Submitted to    Idea Hackathon 2019    Created by  I updated the Tagline and the Basic idea of these project. Further some budget planning and Fund expenditures. Name Of the project was my idea and We mutually decided the VOEDSELRaghav AgrawalRaghav we me both worked really hard on the project and presentation .Have a look on it it will give you a complete insight of our IDEA Abhinav Agarwal 
 The UiPath Form Designer will permit the RPA to Developer to build (Windows) Forms using a WYSIWYG approach similar to the way it is done with Visual Studio. In addition, The Form got features to interact directly with UiPath and permit to Input/Get/Visualize/Manipulate Data out of it to satisfy the need for Front Office/Attended automation of interacting with its user. The created forms can be used, reused, shared with other since they are exportable as a File. 
 We made a mobile app for interesting walks. Map is the main part of the application. The map is covered with fog. It dispels in places where you have walked with your feet. In order to make traveling more engaging, we’ve put the key places of interest of the city on the map. The places are divided into categories and until you come to the place, you know only it’s category and how popular it is. After visiting the place, you will be given full information and the card of this place will be added to your collection.  
  
 Team Secrets protects sensitive information in JIRA with end-to-end encryption and viewer verification.  It works in both JIRA Cloud and JIRA Server and offers:TRUE END-TO-END ENCRYPTION MADE EASYTeam Secrets uses bank-grade encryption to protect your file attachments and secret text from the moment you start uploading until they are viewed by the recipient. Snooping on the transfer or stealing the file will result in something completely undecipherable (i.e. we don’t trust SSL).REAL RECIPIENT VERIFICATIONTeam Secrets ensures that anyone opening your secret is authenticated using at least 2 forms of ID. Email address, team membership, passphrase and mobile phone verification means only the people you choose can assemble the keys necessary to decrypt the files.TEAM SECRETS DENIABILITYTeam Secrets does not at any point have the ability to decrypt a secret under any circumstances - only the creator and the chosen viewers can do that.EASY TO USETeam Secrets works just like file attachments and text fields for an experience that is frictionless and completely integrated into existing JIRA workflows. 
  
  
  
  
 colleagues answer 3 questions (based on our 10 year experience in agile software development management) in 20 seconds to send it to management; in addition text summaries and attachments can be sent toocolleagues can see each other's status summariespanic button: press when management must be informed; board members get email notification immediatelyreports: a birds eye view of your organisation’s health on charts based on colleagues’ answers covering the last sprintsocial functions: “like” someone else's status summary, add comment to status summaries 
  
 Based on daily mean temperature this app helps to estimate approximate water needs by different crops or plants under different climatic conditions and locations.This app help us to forecast certain farming conditions upfront up to 10 days (based on provided 10 days weather conditions).And also CARE app is integrated to social media Twitter, so that we may know the latest happenings or information around the world for each selected Crop. 
 Through an Web application interface, users can type the word and the video they want to search. It finds occurrences of the word in an XML file of a YouTube video transcript and returns the times it occurs. The video is then viewable on the webpage and the user can skip the video to the time they want. 
  
 It teaches basic to intermediate computer science concepts within its immersive and engaging storyline. Its broad focus on subject areas including Linux, Operating Systems, Networking, Web, and Cyber Security also helps expose players to different aspects of computer science. 
 This is an intelligent and intuitively designed dashboard keeping lot of factors and scenerios in mind which will provide great insights and forecast to take better business decissions.This Dashboard could be integrated to any of the customer's environment by just publishing it. When the user clicks on the “UiPath RPA Log Dashboard”, the user would land in the Home Page.From here the user could be directed to The Log Summary dashboard which would provide the descriptive analysis of the data.The Failure Analytics which would provide insights on the failure and details about the failed Bots, thereby forecasting the failure.The Log Analytics which would provide insights to plan and implement business decisions.link 
 Our Chrome extension is an image interpreter that uses the Microsoft Computer Vision API and Bing Text To Speech API to read the elements of an image to users. Our target users are blind and vision impaired folks so they can experience all elements of web content. 
 the application simply gathers your note and your email in one place with the ability to embed rich media contents similar to facebook posts with the ability to organize your work space to multiple projects and share your notes with your friends so  both of you will be able to edit the note like a google document. also you can add all of your notes to your google calendar. the application is handy and mobile friendly  too. 
  
  
 Boolah does all the travel planning for you. It optimizes the quality and number of places covered a day at your destination based on your interests and your distance from the places. Boolah exists for the adventure seekers who live in the moment and make plans in a jiffy. Reports suggest that as much as 85% of today's vibrant young travel community never look for activities before they arrive at a place. What if we could simplify their itinerary after they arrive at a place? So in place of travelers browsing through a not-so-short list of recommendations and reviews to create their own itinerary, Boolah builds the itinerary for them.How Boolah picks places for youOpen Boolah and you see a page to explore 8 cities we've hand picked for you. Each city has several points of interests with an image and description. The user can swipe left or right the point. Just swipe left if you like the place or wish to pass the same, right if you don't. It's as simple as that, and unlike those numerous dating apps, our places don't swipe right on you, you can always visit every place that you've swiped left. Boolah learns your travel interests based on your selections and we build the itinerary based exactly on your choice styles. Say you prefer natural parks over skyscrapers, we make sure you get to see Central Park or the Hudson river in NYC before we take you to the towering skyscrapers. The more you swipe, the better we get to understand your favorites and the better we build your itinerary. Every point of interest that you've liked gets saved to your liked places list in My world page.So swipe your way to a better, personalized AI powered itinerary tailor-made for you.Fares and cheapest round trip datesIf you thought itinerary was just what you needed, here's more...You also have the option to see lowest fares for the dates you've in mind for that dream destination in your bucket list!Or if you're flexible on your dates and are looking for the cheapest round trip dates that can help your pockets fuel 2 or 3 air fare tickets at the normal cost of a single trip, we have that too! That's how Boolah simplifies your travel options considering your timeline and pockets. Boolah also gives you the option to track the fares you've shortlisted from your My world page.Follow the herd or stay distinctMaybe you're a people person or maybe you wish to travel in solitude. Boolah lets you do both.For every flight fare you browse, we let you know what were the most traveled months in terms of people visiting from your hometown to your tourist destination. Maybe you wish to visit when the city is full of people buzzing or maybe you wish to visit an isolated place where you're in perfect harmony with the serenity of nature. That's not all. Boolah also lets you know what were the most booked and most traveled destinations from your hometown, helping you build your shortlist of dream destinations curated based on travel preferences of people near you.Lit your trip with local languageAbility to learn and save local language translations of common phrases is the icing on the cake. Knowing a bit of the local language can go a long way to improving the quality of your vacation. Fly anywhere in the world and you'll see that the locals will appreciate that you took the time to learn about their culture. Boolah let's you learn common phrases and save the translations locally just in case you forget and need a quick reminder once you enter the land of your dreams. You can take this translations offline as these are saved in your local app database that works with or without an internet connectionIn short, Boolah has all the tips that you ever thought you needed for traveling... and more. 
  
 It uses deep neural networks in the back end to detect faces at point of sale terminals and match them with those stored in the banking systems database and lets the customer purchase a product from a verified seller almost instantaneously. In addition, it allows a bill to be divided between customers using recognition of multiple faces. It works in a very non-invasive manner and hence makes life easier for everyone. 
  
 Social Strata will help people get in touch with their condominium community, landlords, create project proposals, get public notices, book public spaces and request maintenance when needed. It's a mobile app for everyone.  
  
 Simply open up the app, and check for beautiful murals in the vicinity. The app opens up to a map with all of the current murals present in Montreal. Find murals near you by clicking on the red tags for a preview and some interesting facts.  
  
 the app informs the patients and tells them how important it is to take thier medication at the given time their doctor's gave them, and they could also contact their doctor's with this app. 
 Watering the garden or plants.Turn on the lights gardenSense the Temperature and HumidityBe self-sustaining using solar cells to charge the batteriesThe imagination is the limit and all this in a beautiful birdhouse! 
 Shiplly is a communication dashboard which, -> keeps track of trucks, lighter boats, supplies, ship and terminal availability for all the orders-> Communicates to each of the stakeholders on the delay if any.-> Provides a terminal booking facility to better coordinate the loading and unloading 
 Cloud paper provides an online platform for collaborative learning.Simulate a Study Group SessionReal time synchronized PDF page turningChat box for discussionDrag slides around for organizationEasy sharing of filesDrag and drop PDF files to upload 
 This Pup allows remote teams to use Planning Poker method in the real-time and integrates seamlessly into the Trello experience. 
 The app uses the feedback from all the mobile sensors like GPS, accelerometer, pressure, etc. to predict the environment of a user. The app also continuously listens to the user for an emergency code-word ("help me").Using the sensor data as input to Google Awareness API, it predicts the nearby places. Using this as input to PlaceILove API, it predicts the safety level of the place.If the app predicts a vulnerable situation based on all the aforementioned conditions, it starts sending pulse notifications to an emergency contact.Future workThe speech recognition engine has a lot of scope for improvement.We can also integrate run-time adaption in the app i.e. if the user does not want to send alert notifications for some of the contexts (like if it is common for the user to walk during night) then they may chose to deselect such notifications. This would evolve into the app having different behavior for different users.While driving we can detect the speed limit in a particular area and use that feedback to improve our predictions.Domain.com - Best Domain Name Registered with Domain.comWe registered the domain unagi-tech.com thanks to the generous people at Domain.comBuilt with :heart: at HackNC by Unagi-TechBuilt Withandroidandroid-studiogoogle-awareness-apijavapocketsphinx-texttospeechTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    HackNC    Created by  I worked on making the app context aware by making use of different sensors in the phone.Arjun SharmaWorked on the ux, messaging service and the neighborhood safety apiShrey SanghaviDeveloped Front end functionalities and worked on continuous speech recognition  service. Contributed to design - look and feel of the application.Ronak Ghadiya 
 My form is a basic multi-view Angular application. It captures user inputs in an object and stores it in Firebase.Challenges I ran intoThe code for the multi-view form becomes tricky after several steps are added. I used Lucidchart to map out and visualize the flow of the form before I started building.Storing data to be CSV readable was also new and challenging. All CSV data needs to be organized well and captured in a format that allows for research and study. For example, the exported information should not list an adult as "false" for being a student. Instead, it should be empty, so that the column can be compiled to show correct percentages of student demographics. By making sure these fields are left blank for adults when exporting, the compiled information in a CSV will be more accurate.User TestingI began user testing the moment I completed the flow of the form, with a total of 13 people. I would hand my participants a piece of paper with fake information to use as they filled out the application. I wanted to simulate two scenarios:Distracting participants from the form by having them search for information outside of the application.Simulating an adult who may not remember exact social security numbers, income, etc.I also did a couple of rounds of testing on UserTesting.com. Tests frequently revealed issues with broken functionality and incorrect input types. More than anything, the user testing was beneficial to alter some of the language and messaging that was confusing to participants, as I mention in the video.Accomplishments that I'm proud ofBuilt it by myself!Built Withangular.jscssfirebasehtml5sassTry it outtpalmer75.github.io      Submitted to    E.A.T. School Lunch UX ChallengeWinner                Honorable Mention                  Created by  Did everything you see here!Taylor PalmerUX Designer @ Lucid Software 
 Classical game of Pong that can be controlled with the Leap Controller Motion sensor.Supports different playing mode such as:Single playerControl with MouseControl with KeyboardControl with Leap ControllerMulti playerControl with Keyboard and KeyboardControl with Keyboard and MouseControl with Leap Controller and KeyboardControl with Leap Controller and MouseControl with 2 hands on one Leap Controller 
 MIRЯOR is an interview tool that employs intelligent algorithms to give job seekers meaningful feedback on how they can perfect their elevator pitch and common interview questions.  
 We have two apps. One for the donor, and one for a driver. In the donor app, a donor would submit a form describing the donation package, the location of the package, and general contact details. Then, in the driver app, the driver gets notified of nearby packages that are available. The driver would select the package he wants to deliver. Upon selection, the driver will be given 3 nearby non-profit organizations to drop off the package to. Using this process, both the donor and driver will have a choice in what to donate and where to donate respectively. 
 This game is so addictive. You feel love in playing this game. I personally liked this game.There are many features in this game like;-- There are two modes in this Game one is Endless-mode and the second mode is Level-Mode.Endless Mode--In this mode player have to hit the plates that come from the left side,There is a ball counting function in this mode.If you don't hit the plate, three balls will be deducted from total balls available.If you hit the ball then there is bonus of three balls.If you lose all the balls, you will the game. Level Mode--In this mode, There is a level system.if you complete levels then it will unlock more levels.There are total of 80 levels in this mode that I added.As in the endless mode , There is no ball counting system,In this mode you have unlimited balls.The concept of level mode is that there are hearts.If you skip one plate you will lose one heart.About Menu--In this menu I created the scroll down animation that looks amazing. 
 Allows gardeners to connect directly with others in their geographical area to give or receive supplies.Target AudienceCommunity members and volunteers of Growing Gardens. 
 Tremors of a patient's hands are measured and corrected for the gravity quotient affecting the mobile device and is saved to the user's phone gallery . A normal , low intensity tremor results in a straight or relatively straight graph whereas people with a medium or severe attack can have a graph that's extremely distorted . Doctors can look into the graphs and treat patients online and suggest measures dynamically .  A chat interface makes it easier for patients and / or well wishers of the patients to interact with doctors and thus simplify and speed up treatment .  
 Trellogram has two major features as of now:Send any card from the board to your room in just single click!Enable notifications and get all the updates to your room directly. 
 Our rain sensor detects the absence or presence of rain and causes the window to open or close. You can also control the window using the mobile application.  
  
 The app manages your contacts, allowing small businesses to plan and execute calls, while creating an easy way to schedule future calls and communication. Once a call is done with a customer, managers and owners can take notes and schedule tasks to make sure that they spend most of their time with clients, not managing software. 
  
  
 This app solves all the mentioned problems. All you have to do is follow these simple steps:Log in to Sahara using your Facebook accountChoose from a set of recommended recipes, which is based on your current ingredient list. Ingredients closer to expiration will have priority.Include the chosen recipe into a meal plan - set a time for the meal and send a message to your house mates through FacebookCheck the RSVP list for your meal plan at the end of the day, and have an EASY time cooking your next meal!How Sahara is builtSahara was built using the following packages:meteor-basemobile-experiencemongoblaze-html-templatessessionjquerytrackerstandard-minifierses5-shimecmascriptautopublishinsecurefourseven:scssreywood:bootstrap3-sassiron:routeraccounts-facebookservice-configurationwebtempest:animatesemantic:ui-cssAnd also using the food2fork API.ChallengesIt was hard to find a free and suitable recipe API to retrieve the recipes data. Most of them has a limit to the amount of API calls we can make. We exceeded the limit for one of them, and are forced to find alternatives.Time. If we had more time, we would have implemented a lot more features and make Sahara more awesome than it is now.Trying to integrate our app into mobile. There are a lot of features that do not work even in mobile browsers, such as opening up Facebook dialog and etc technical issues.Accomplishments that the team are proud ofThat we built a pretty prototype for Sahara.We learnt a lot about Meteor, and probably will not go back to using other web development tools again (LOL)We used the app to plan for our meals today and tomorrow. Our app has proven to be really useful!What I learnedMeteor.js development is made much easier with the iron:router package. And other packages that exist to ease development on both front-end and back (i.e. Semantics:UI, webtempest:animate, and many others).Do not judge packages by its install rates. Just try everything that fits your needs.Set up stubs for both front-end and back-end development. To standardise template names, one person should set up the iron:router page routes as soon as possible.What's next for SaharaWe will continue developing it. We will share this good stuff with our mums, all the housewives out there and the cooks of every household. We may also put it up on the app stores. Share the joy!Built Withfacebookfourseven:scssiron:routermeteor.jsmongodbreywood:bootstrap3-sasssasssemantics:uiwebtempest:animateTry it outsahara.meteor.com https://github.com/ks-uppercut/sahara      Submitted to    Meteor Global Distributed Hackathon     Created by  Kang Soon TanChin Siang Chua 
 It takes data from an Excel file and trains a Machine Learning model according to the type of problem to solve (regression or classification) and the algorithm used (linear regression, polynomial regression, logistic regression, etc.). Eventually, the trained models can be used to make predictions on new data. 
  
 The Add-On solves the problem of estimating across multiple time zones 
 It is calling app, where normal person talks normally, and mute person types the text which is converted to speech and sent to normal person, so they have conversation. This is way faster than messaging and almost as fast as normal calling. 
 A managed service business of this kind would need to maximize the tire usage without affecting the truck downtime. To do this we will use AI based predictive and forecasting Models that predicts when the tire wear is likely to happen and then create a preventive maintenance schedule. The tire wear prediction engine going into the future is built on top of an IOT sensor base which collects data from each truck every second or minute through out the day including mileage, Truck load, Temperature, picture of the road, Tread depth, Tire pressure. Using this granular data, windowed aggregates are computed that include velocity of the truck, acceleration events by level, braking events by level, tread wear per load miles, road condition category from the picture and then computes the expected wear of the tire for the next week and if any of the tires need replacement. This data is then aggregated at the fleet level to calculate the number of tires that require replacement in the coming week, create a maintenance schedule for these trucks and then send the maintenance schedule to the fleet management company. 
  
 Trip planner is very simple to use. Just ask it to plan a trip in any city you want and it will plan an exciting trip for you. Just ask "Alexa, Ask Trip Planner to plan me a trip in New York”. 
  
  
 KnowUs analyzes individual emails to identify the underlying social, emotional, and writing tones present within the email body.Our Tone Dashboard gives you timeline visualizations on how you communicate in general and on how you communicate with a selected contact.Kenneth.Lay@enron.com (imported mailbox) – Tone Dashboard. Notice the spike in Anger from May-Aug 2001. This was around the time then-Enron CEO, Jeff Skilling resigned.KnowUs develops an your overall picture based on the all the emails you've sent. We generate a Personality Model for you and we also generate a Personality Model of your contact based on the emails your contact sent to you. To better understand the similarities and differences between you and your contact, we put these graphs side-by-side!Our Personality Model dashboard has support for both English and Spanish emails.One last thing --- We take privacy seriously. We don't store your emails!  
  
  
 In 4 easy steps you can create your own T-shirt and put        it up for display on the app or share it with friends on social media.\n\n Select a background colour for the tee from a set of 15 predefined colours.\n\n Choose how you\’d want to style your tee: Text over image, image over the text or only image Play with the design on your tee, by editing it with the powerful adobe SDK,    that\’s integrated with the app.\n\n Voila, you now have a style statement – a custom designed T-shirt to flaunt.    Choose if you\’d like to upload it or share it with your friends.\nGo ahead, and start designing! Sky\’s the limit!What I learnedLearnt use of creative sdk, managing bitmaps and galleryWhat's next for CreativiteThe app is released on Playstore , should productize the app once we have the mechanism for printing readyBuilt Withadobe-creative-sdkandroid-studiobutterknifeparseTry it outplay.google.com    Created by  Nithin David ThomasRoyce Raju BeenaLoves travelling , following football( mostly ARSENAL) , bike rides . Plays with android for a living and as a hobby too . 
 The goal of this project was to build a sequencer without any third-party component such as flash, or any sound files, using only HTML5 WebAudio API. Because Polytunes mathematically calculates note within musical scales, it is easy for everyone to create melodies without prior theoretical knowledge about music. Not only it enables people to witness other's creativity in realtime thanks to Meteor, but it also gives everyone the ability for several players to collaborate on the same piece of music.It can be used as a teaching tool to learn about musical scales, harmony, rythm or collaborative creation, as a creative tool to compose melodies, or just as a fun game that matches words or drawings to music. 
 ONEIt does all the busy work of the size converter: finding your perfect size for each country, metric system or clothing vendor. Too simple?TWOWell, it goes beyond that. Lazzo shows you only the products that will fit you perfectly! Never again will you see “out of stock” message.Too simple?THREEWell, it goes beyond that. As soon as product arrives - you get the push notification with the sexy, easy and fun way to give the fit score:Perfect Fit?Turned out smaller?Turned out bigger?You just created something amazing! You caught the Size! Now the whole world knows that Winter Season 2016 Coat of United Colours of Benetton in the size of 48 is actually turning out smaller.Our Community-Driven Machine Learning Recommendation Algorithm is Moving as Fast as Size Changes! 
 The presenter creates a lecture and defines a set of "buttons". Each "button" is used to track a certain audience metric over small intervals of time. The lecturer is given a short numeric id for the lecture.Then the audience signs in with the lecture id. They see the list of buttons defined by the presenter. If they click a button, the metric is sent in real time to the presenter. Audience members can also submit questions to be answered in lecture. 
  
  
 First Days is a voice application similar to Siri, which is a digital guide, spoken in the person's chosen language and is able to translate, scan documents, direct and connect a person in their language to a range of services, food-bank, aid, financial, employment and housing services.  
 My friends and I often stay up late at night for exams. We miss out on eating dinner, and after midnight, ordering food is no longer a possibility. At the same time, there are numerous students that are out and about at that time. They pass by restaurants, grocery stores, or even coffee shops. Using the Fireflies app, I can request a meal from Taco Bell or any other local restaurant that does not have its own delivery. The app leverages the Alohar API and notifies someone inside the restaurant, passing by, or just around the corner. With the granular details Alohar provides, our algorithm quickly matches students requesting food with people in the vicinity of that restaurant. Once a match is found, the transaction for the food goes through and Fireflies escrows the money using Braintree. Once my peer brings me the food, the payment is released.  
 Now and using new Alexa Skill called "Jobs search" things become more funny and easier. This skill will get searching criteria from user and search in many job sites and feed him back with available jobs. From Alexa mobile app, user can find link for the job to apply on it if he like it.Currently skill searches only in one job sit (Github API). Skill is live since 6 march 2017 
 Our system checks for blockage by determining the level of water in the drain, it also determines the level of harmful gases (methane gas). If there is any abrupt  increasing change in any of the parameters , the system directly connects to the municipality and informs about this along with the location where it has been placed through message. Also the data collected is pushed to cloud for further analysis of the area to take any action.////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////// 
 The first release provides some useful commands you can use to manage your Heroku apps from HipChat.  You can, view and update configuration variables, rollback releases, and view who has deployed previous releases. 
 As you sing, we parse the lyrics of the song and match them to a Disney princess's song. The LEDs then take on the pattern of the dress of the princess you are singing. 
  
 File Viewer for Bitbucket Cloud allows you to view your 3D models, geographic data structures, PDF and CSV files directly on Bitbucket pages.It's a pack of viewers that includes:Autodesk Viewer - files with 2D and 3D design data (over 30 types of files are supported) are presented as interactive models - a real catch for those working with 3D design3D Viewer - STL files are rendered as interactive 3D modelsMap Viewer - GEOjson files are displayed as maps you can zoomTable Viewer - CSV and TSV files are presented as tables with sorting by columnPDF Viewer - PDF files can be viewed on your Bitbucket pages 
 We enter multiple choice questions into the system and the students can practice those question.If someone does not understand a question, the can flag the question and other users of the app will be notified of that question. Other students can then provided explanations to those questions. These explanations can be voted upon by other users to maintain quality. 
 Allows organisations to easily define and configure innovation initiatives and track contributions of team members.Define periods and configure expected innovation time for each developer.Simply add [innovation] to your JIRA issue's summary and log work on it 
 With easy integration of any internet-connected camera, Guardian Angel will constantly receive images of the video feed from said camera. Afterwards, the back-end will send this data to our Watson custom classifier, and receive a level certainty on whether or not the person has fallen. Our algorithm will then assess if someone is truly in distress. If this person does not get up, a Twilio text is sent to emergency services and contacts. Also, a user dashboard shows all your connected cameras for you to monitor. 
 We analyzed tweets to find depressed individuals and predict the cause of their depression (education, relationship or money)  
  
  
 Our main aim of the project is to control the flow of water using the Samsung Artik board. Since a large amount of water is wasted in terms of sewage, our idea is to use this water filtered in our kitchen garden so that water can be used for growing crops. Our IOT device also scans for all the parameters of a particular crop, and shares all these data over the internet. This data is shared with the users in the nearby locality. Our system also allows to connects multiple users and share their crops over the internet. A marketing system allows the users to sells their crops over the website. It is a complete system so as to counter this particular water crisis in california. 
  
  
 In this design we used 789,914 car crash records to build a performance judging system to analyze the cause of each car crash and predict the number of car crashes on a particular road in future.To do this, we build a classifier and a regressor with machine learning techniques. The classifier was built on the crash records dataset using the Random Forest algorithm.When user, inputs the road features and real time conditions (like weather, time, etc..), 2000 estimators work to evaluate the possible cause of this crash.While the Classifier tell the user about the type of the predicted crash, the Regressor tells the user, the number of predicted  car crashes in the future on a particular road.To build the regressor we cleaned and refined all the datasets and created a new dataset which records the crash and road statics of roads in Virginia. The regressor was built using linear regression algorithms. When user select the road and give the forecast weather in the next month, the regressor will return the expected crash numbers that will possible happen on this road in the near future.Challenges Team ran into:We collected a huge amount of data from the websites and combined several datasets, but still, we were, in need of more data to refine our model. Most of the data was raw data which need to be cleaned. To deal with these problem, we found several open database from the local government and ran statistical analysis on those data and create our own datasets.What Team learnedWe learned an enormous amount about the traffic conditions in the state of Virginia !We learned a lot about data analysis and team working. We are excited about the future of autonomous driving and smarter roads and believe the future of AI and IT techniques in transportation.What’s next?We have built our classification model and regression model and made a web application for it. In the future, if we get more data, we can refine our model and predict more accurate analysis and predictions. And also, we will build a fully functioning application for car systems combined with voice control techniques.      Submitted to    SmarterRoads Hackathon - FredericksburgWinner                Idea Jam: Safety                  Created by  liuspencer 
 Presenter for Confluence turns any Confluence page into a beautiful, clean and hassle-free slideshow – directly in your browser. Literally all you need to do is hit the 'present' button and you are good to go. Spend more time focussing on content rather than struggling with inconvenient presentation software and separate files that need to be separately updated. The slides created by Presenter for Confluence are responsive and will look good on any screen.Discuss pages with your team or show them to clients without any distracting UI elements, taking advantage of the entire real estate of your screen. You can easily navigate through every single chapter using either keyboard or mouse.Simplify your workflow. Start using Presenter for Confluence.Try a live Demonstration in Confluence Cloud 
 Built Withandroidapi      Submitted to    AcornHack    Created by  Nohamin SolomonOna OkoyeShayma M 
  
 AppLetic unifies individuals on social media by giving them a centralized place to post their workouts and transformation progress. It has a simple to use framework that allows users to quickly post anytime they would like. The app encourages users to focus on their individual progression and to help others progress with them.  
  
 The 360˚ canvas allows the user to paint anywhere he or she wishes to with just a tap of a button. The user is able to paint anywhere he or she is able to see. This ability unlocks possibilities of painting on the sky and ground, creating no boundaries to stop the user’s creativeness. The app also allows the user to paint unrestricted with the aid of multiple color palettes and brush types otherwise not found in other free commercial available options. With 81 possible colors and the ability to change opacity, depth, or size at the swipe of a button, the user’s options to paint with are limitless. Undoing is a simple feature that requires a press of the app button. One press undoes a part of the stroke whereas holding it erases the whole painting, allowing the user to start on a blank canvas. 
 Logibot is able to validate location name with the natural language input from user.  It'll make how far delivery distance and estimation shipping cost for you. Once you have placed order, Logibot will inform internal team to process  it by integrating with Zendesk. You may also getting your status order through Logibot. 
  
 Touch is a social networking app that allows users to message randomly suggested contacts. Once the Compose wheel is spun, users can choose to message that randomly selected contact with a custom emoji or to spin again. In the inbox, a user can view and thank Touch messages that they have received. In a nutshell, the app allows users to keep in touch at the touch of a finger. 
 We took Amazon.com Grocery and gourmet data for our case study.We are trying to provide brand wise analytical service for a product 
 Considering the expanding ability of equipment for cars and the adaptability of new technology for drivers, it is not easy to build a new system on cars. For example, it is inconvenience to update old vehicles or make all the drivers learn new technology devices or new APPs. The efficiency will be decrease much if not every driver take part in the system. Considering the compatibility for all the vehicles and drivers, and also the driving environments of tunnels are simpler than those of other road types. We design a simple vision guiding system which is able to be installed in the tunnel. This system can provide clear information to guide all the cars moving at the best speed with appropriate safe distance between vehicles. It is the best solution we think! We call it "AVGS” (Active Vision Guiding System)考慮到車輛的設備擴充能力，以及駕駛人對於科技方式輔助的適應能力，直接建構在車輛上的控制方法是較為不易的。例如，老舊車輛可能有升級擴充的困難，或者部分駕駛人不習慣使用新的科技配備、手機APP等，若無法使所有駕駛人都參與紓解塞車的系統，效率會大打折扣。考量到車輛與大眾駕駛人的相容性，且隧道相較於普通道路，是單方向、不可隨意變換車道，相對單純的環境，我們提出一種可建構於隧道本身的視覺導引系統，直接在隧道增加一個簡單直覺的駕駛導引方式，讓每位駕駛可自然的參考視覺指示，維持在最佳的車速和車距狀態，我們稱為主動式視覺導引系統"AVGS (Active Vision Guiding System)"。 
 We have Cellular Automaton that simulate traffic situation in Hsuehshan tunnel and compute a recommended speed for app users to follow so that the random braking act are reduced. By following the recommended speed, the ETC toll fees will also be deducted by a discount rate to encourage users to drive faster through the tunnel. Other than that, it shows the user the arrival time in Taipei for different time of departure driving through three different route - Hsuehshan tunnel, Beiyi Highway and winding shoreline highway. Also, it provides two options to people who decide to depart later. They can either appreciate the sceneries along the route sorted by their distance or enjoy Yilan's delicacies while waiting for the time to pass. 
 Our smart chat bot helps users to monitor their house's state from anywhere using low cost sensors. Our product is easy to install, user friendly and fully expandable.Easy to installBy using compact sensors, HomeScan is able to monitor information from your house. Afraid of gas leaks or leaving the heating on? HomeScan has you covered. Our product requires minimum setup and is energy efficient. In addition,  since we use a small cellular IoT board to gather the data, HomeScan sensors are wifi-independant. This way, HomeScan can be placed anywhere in the house.User FriendlyHomeScan uses Cisco Spark bots to communicate data to the users. Run diagnostics, ask for specific sensor data, our bots can do it all. Best of all, there is no need to learn command lines as our smart bots use text analysis technologies to find the perfect answer to your question. Since we are using Cisco Spark, the bots can be accessed on the go on both the Spark mobile app or on our website.Therefore, you'll have no problem accessing your data while away from your home. Fully expandableHomeScan was built with the future in mind. Our product will fully benefit from future technological advancements. For instance, 5G will enable HomeScan to expand and reach places that currently have a poor cellular signal. In addition, the anticipated release of Cisco Spark's "guestID" will grant access to our smart bots to an even wider audience. Newer bot customization tools will also allow us to implement additional functionalities. Lastly, HomeScan can be expanded into an infrastructure ranking system. This could have a tremendous impact on the real-estate industry as houses could be rated based on their infrastructure performances. This way, data could be used for services such as AirBnB, insurance companies and even home-owners.We are confident that HomeScan is the solution for monitoring a healthy house and improve your real-estate decisions.future proof 
  
 Connects women with shelters that have tampons/pads and connects donors with organizations in need. 
 This Outlook module gives you an overview of all your SharePoint and Planner tasks. The user will have the ability to filter, group, update and complete them. This gives the user more time on actual completing its tasks, instead of searching for them. 
 RAMEAR is combination transmitter and receiver designed for transmitting signals outside of standard computer interfaces. The inspiration of RAMEAR comes from the following GSMem paper  presented at USENIX.We have taken a standard Ubuntu PC, and managed to wirelessly transmit data from it - even though the PC has no Ethernet connection, no WiFi and no Bluetooth.This is accomplished by bashing the Data Bus of the computer - the main communication avenue between the RAM and the CPU of the computer. We use a special assembler instruction to transmit 128 bits in parallel to the RAM, bypassing the cache. We repeatedly run this instruction to transmit random data over a period of 500ms, effectively increasing the radiated RF power from the bus substantially.A ‘1’ transmission in our system corresponds to a period of high activity on the Data bus, and a ‘0’ transmission corresponds to average activity. On the receiving end, we calculate the amplitude of the signal and process it [5 stages] to decode the waveform. We developed the transmission system from scratch in order to fit our needs, including both developing noise rejection code ourselves and automatic clock synchronisation. 
 Define the indexCALL ga.index.create('Person', 'VISITED', 'date')Lookup using the index:MATCH (n:Person {name:'Frantisek'}) CALL ga.index.lookup([n], 'VISITED', 'date', $date) YIELD r,other RETURN r,other 
 It helps local businesses to identify potential nearby customers that would rate their service highlyand, by employing targeted messaging, increase the sales:“Hi Aaron, visit us today and when you buy 3 wines, you’ll get one for free - Appellation Wines.”Additionally, it allows users to get personalised and context aware recommendations for any service category they may require, like Thai food:“You will definitely like ‘Spirit of Thai’ restaurant which is just round the corner from you.”Finally, it provides a lookup for best rated businesses in each category:“For best French food in Edinburgh, visit ‘Martin Wishart’.” 
 The sample Whispir android application can do following things:-      1. Test Whispir Credentials.      2. Send SMS      3. Send Emails      4. Make Voice Call      5. Create Workspace and list them      6. Create contacts and list . 
 Say an event-organizer identifies the visitors, who register for his event, with their phone number. Now the visitors information are stored with their phone number in a database. Visitors use our app which connects to the database and verify them by querying their phone number. Then upon arriving at the event a bluetooth receiver detects their device and automatically exchange the wifi password to our smartphone app and connects them to the event WiFi hotspot. 
  
 ALM Task for Bamboo is a step towards the integration of atlassian Bamboo with HP ALM Test Execution and JIRA together.ALM task allows to configure a task in Bamboo plan to execute test set from ALM which could be automated with any automation tool supported by HP ALM.It captures results from ALM Test Sets and creates test results in Bamboo build result summary.It updates test results to JIRA issues in many ways, such as creating bugs in JIRA for failed tests, adding bamboo test result links to related issues in JIRA, adding comments or labels related to test execution, updating custom fields of JIRA issues with test execution duration.Automation testing professionals can focus on their tests and ALM Task will take care of integration between HP ALM , Bamboo and JIRA. Challenges I ran intoIt wasn’t easy to trigger tests in ALM from CI tool straight away. HP ALM tests can be triggered with the help of Open Test Architecture library of HP. Which means creation of separate program in C#, integrate it with Bamboo plugin and parse ALM test set results in a format bamboo understands and integrate results with JIRA.Accomplishments that I'm proud ofIts beautiful feeling to see all automated test execution at one place irrespective of tools used.It solves problems of many customers, who track test execution at different places.What I learnedIt was a learning to unleash the true potential of atlassian products to make life easier for software development teams. 
  
 This project:adds native bolt protocol support to JMeter, to make it easier to build test plansprovides load test plan examples to help people get started 
  
 MemoryEye enables the user to easily create a memory by taking pictures of an object or a person that they want to remember, and adding a description of the memory. When the user comes across this person or object again and can't remember exactly who or what they are, they can take a picture of the person or object, and the app will use computer vision to pull up the memory that they recorded earlier so that they can relive that memory and remember again. 
 dDAI enables users to earn interests from lending out DAI on Fulcrum and reinvest those interest automatically into any other asset class using DeFi recipes i.e. ETH, BTX, KNC, synthetic assets, etc. or a combination of different assets. Here are some examples of the DeFi recipes we implemented:ETH  LongIt reinvest dDAI earnings and buys ETH on KyberBTC  LongIt reinvest dDAI earnings and buys BTC on KyberETH 4x LongIt reinvest dDAI earnings and buys Fulcrum pToken (pLETH4x)BTC  4x LongIt reinvest dDAI earnings and buys BFulcrum pToken (pLBTC4x)Store of ValueIt reinvest dDAI earnings and converts them in 50/50% ETH/BTCETH or BTC MaximalistBuys 50% ETH and 50% its invert synthetic token  (iETH) 
  
 With Convergely you can schedule messages to be delivered some time in the futureassign tasksannotate imagescreate simple pollsnotify your teammates if you are blockedChallenges I ran intoOne of the main challenges is that we need to built our tools in a way that they help the team work better while not being a distraction in the conversation.What I learnedWe have learned a lot along the way with Convergely, and we are already adding more functionality around team communication.What's next for ConvergelyConvergely its planning to integrate better with the Atlassian ecosystem, we want to be able to schedule projects, messages and tasks.Built Withnode.jsredisruby-on-railsTry it outwww.convergely.comhipchat.convergely.com      Submitted to    Atlassian Codegeist: Add-on Hackathon    Created by  I worked on the backend. I also planned the architecture of the application and the API of Convergely.At first we had to understand how ACE for hipchat worked and this was intimidating, but everything started falling in on place once we finished reading their API's and code.miguel perezI worked on the backend for this project, It was the first time I used node and have to admit that it was intimidating at the beginning but I learnt a TON from this experience.Carlos ContrerasJonathan TarudGustavo BazanJuan Mejia 
  
 To use all the features of this application, Bluetooth beacons need to be installed on the traffic lights. The bluetooth beacons are very economical and can be easily installed on the traffic lights.  When a person with the PedSafety app reaches a traffic intersection, the application can detect the bluetooth beacon. If the person is crossing the road, the application would disable the phone functionality and display a "Look Up" overlay on the screen. It helps users to keep their eyes on the road and not on phone while crossing. Once the user reaches the other side of the road, the application detects the other beacon and provides reward points to users for using the zebra crossing.This encourages people to use the zebra crossing and not cross the road on any other points. This application is very useful for the Government authorities as well. The app can be used to send anonymous pedestrian and cyclists traffic information to the authorities. The bluetooth beacons can detect the intersections with high pedestrian density and routes with high cyclist density. These statistics can help authorities take informed decisions and build subways/overbridges and cycle lanes wherever required.The application also includes a floating camera which helps the pedestrians to see the sidewalk in the phones itself while using the phone. This nifty feature ensures pedestrians don't collide and avoid pits.  
 Ce programme permet à partir de la localisation du lieu de l'incident d'avoir une intervention la plus rapide possible. Pour cela, il faut :choisir la caserne la plus prochedéterminer le parcours le plus rapidecontrôler les feux de signalisation avant que les camions arrivent.Par simplicité, l'étude se limite au quartier du Plateau de Montreal qui comporte 3 casernes et 194 lumières de signalisation.  
  
 It will log into any RDP machine without much difficulties. 
 Users can save their money by adopting, raising pets (through buying food for pet by ETH). In case your are not engouh ETH you can transfer Token Erc20 to ETH through KyberSwap API.There are two points you need to remember if you want your pets to grow perfectly : feed duration and pet balance. Feed duration is a measure to detect shape of your pets while the size of pet is determined by the remaining balance of pet .Feed duration will be increased if your pets are fed regularly. Last but not least, You can still withdraw your money in pet whenever you need. 
  
 My Usecase was Milpitas because here only I could use data for Beacon.Hence my complete work relies on MIlpitas area.1)When you go to the webpage it will give you 3 optionsi)Click Here City Main Roads & Cross RoadsWhen you click on it it will give you real time data for Milpitas main road as well as Crossroads and when you refresh the website .use:- Gives all data from the Milpitas side and the values for the road if required anywhere we can get the data for usage.On the same webpage we have the option to go back to home page also to start again as well as there is a link to go for travelling summary.ii)Click Here for Travelling SummeryWhen we are in the travelling Summery page we get data fields corresponding to Current travelling time,typical travelling time,miles,road traveled and routes to be avoided.It also gets refreshed when we refresh the pageUse:- This is a obvious situation for a daily passenger to know which routes cause congestion and which places to avoid.With this what we can do is get the real time updates on incidents happened across travel routes from any place across California to Milpitas.It will passenger get real time updates.There is a link to go back to home pageiii)Finding BeaconsOn the home page there is an option for finding details of the Beacons so when you click on the button click here to find Beacons it will give you data for Beacons across Milpitas area.Use:-It gives you the unique ID for Beacons and  description of the Beacons 
  
 It is an efficient shared taxi app that makes shared rides faster, safe, and more cost and time efficient for taxi drivers and their passengers 
 Starting from a small platform called Cleanify to manage trash cans to a fully automated underground solution. So let me explain and clarify my idea as Hajj is near, I thought about collecting data that we can analyze for more insights by offering a free app for people to find nearby trash cans, it's simply AirBnb but for trashcans, users can report filled up trashcans to get points that they can trade with rewards to encourage and motivate them to register and use the app. We could use IOT technology like sensors in order to automate the process later on.As this will be a SAAS platform, admin users have to choose their plan:A 1 week free trial$ 9.99/month$ 129.99/yearWhich means, if the platform used by 1000 users, that will generate about ~$ 120 000 in a single year which then can be used to build the next step of the idea, underground connected tunnels that come from trashcans, a fully automated system, as the trashcan clears itself from the tunnels when it's filled up.Pros:The vehicle doesn't have to go pickup trash from each trashcan anymore.Trashcans clean themselves when they are fully filled.Fully automated system that doesn't involve any human interaction.Saves a lot of time and energyAs the trash is separated by type, it can automatically get to the place where it should get recycled. 
  
 When viewing a Twitter or Facebook message in the Hootsuite Social Media Management Dashboard, the user can open a dialog that allows them to send the content of the message to a JIRA Service Desk. The user can chose the Service Desk, set the issue type, priority, and even the assignee. They can also view all of the issues and updates to them directly in a Hootsuite stream.In addition, the add-on creates a side bar in JIRA that displays and links to the original social media message. 
 ZOI checks UVI readings and PSI levels in Singapore (provided by NEA) and presents the gathered information in an intuitive layout to provide recommendations powered by machine learning. The program also connects to an LED display and motion sensor attached to an Arduino microcontroller. It can act as a heads-up display that displays the same information as a user approaches the screen. 
 ship crowdsources the match finding process, presenting YOU with all the BEST options.  
 With Fing'R Mote, you are not only able to control your TVs or your IP TV boxes from your smartphone like with any other universal remote control.Thanks to the  handwriting recognition of MyScript, Fing'R Mote is completly changing the way we are interacting with our devices.Channel switching or Program finding are now much easier and faster than ever. Universal remote controlFing'R Mote allows to control several video devices with your smartphone.Stop looking for remotes in your livingroom, you know where is your smartphone !Handwrite channel name or idYour IP TV box provides you more than 300 channels... that's great ! But it's sure you can't remember the ids of your favorite channels in this package of hundred channels.Not a problem with Fing'R Mote, write the channel name !You finally succeed to remember your favourite channel id.Ok for Fing'R Mote, write its id !IP TV provider reshuffled channels ids or provide new channels ?Fing'R Mote is automatically updated on your smartphone to take this in account !With Fing’R Mote, stop wasting your time to search your favorite channels on TV,just write their names and let its handwriting recognition do the job.Pilot virtual keyboard with handwritingYou want to research your favorite program in replays list ? If you have to enter 10 characters on the virtual keyboard of your IP TV Box, number of moves you will perform clicking on arrows of your classic remote control will be around 50 !This is so time consuming for you and so painful for your thumb !With Fing'R Mote, handwrite the program name and let's application pilot the virtual keyboard. Your effort timing is divided by 4.With Fing’R Mote stop wasting your time  and energy usingTV’s virtual keyboard,let the handwriting recognition do the hard job for you.Gesture detectionUsing up/down/right/left/tap gestures, browse your devices menus,  control volume and on-going TV program.Fing'R Mote proposes simple interfaces thanks to gesture usageTo know morePlease refer to Text Description document for full informations: inspiration, features description,  user guide, application download links.Get this document clicking on "try it out" 1st link.Get app clicking on "try it out" 2nd link (check in document if your device is compatible)Accomplishments that I'm proud ofSee the app fully operational for my home devices and my kids using it !What's next for Fing'R MoteWill Fing'R Mote be the starting idea of 21th century remote controls ?? Built Withandroidhandwritingmyscriptsmart-remoteTry it outwww.dropbox.comwww.dropbox.com      Submitted to    MyScript App ChallengeWinner                Grand Prize              Winner                First 50 valid submissions                  Created by  I solely performed end to end development of Fing'R Mote app.Patrick Percevaux 
 Task Tracker  is a solution to this problem that aims to attack it from all directions. The app helps users with achieving balance and becoming more productive by showing the user a comparison between how long they expected to spend on each task and how long they actually ended up spending. The app also puts every task into one of five categories, which are also compared for balance. Lastly, Task Tracker sorts the users tasks in the order the user must complete them to be most efficient based on information the user inputs about the task.The user can use this information to become more productive by decreasing the difference between the expected time and real time spent and can also become more balanced by trying to match the amount of total real and expected time put into each category. They will also become more efficient by completing the tasks in the order for most efficiency.  
 Purrpurino (purr-pur-ino) is a new plush toy that uses different sensors to interact with a kid, allowing them to learn from emotions and reinforce positive values. The way Purrpurino teaches about emotions is using different lights -  which correspond to different moods that are triggered depending of the actions of the kid. Purrpurino has 7 different states to display emotions: shy, awake, sleep, happy, sick, playful, angry/sad and has a lantern mode. A parent or guardian can modify the mood of Purrpurino through the app to project emotions in Purrpurino.  
 Our model dynamically changes the duration of green lights according to some features (like the volumes of cars on road, the expected upcoming cars per second and so on) to minimize the total wait time at the scale of a city. 
 We teach CPR in a modern, interactive way. We train people on how to administer CPR by providing conversation geared education on both a messenger and a web application platform. Our application teaches CPR for infants, children, and adults using varied learning tools such as speech, gifs, and language translation in order to be accessible to all as well as to keep users engaged, whatever their learning style may be. Within the app, users can leave comments, share the lessons they’ve learned, and use the social plugin to spread the message to Facebook's timeline. Our web apps can also show locations of Automated External Defibrillators within the U.S., and there's more to come. With modern Facebook Analytics, Google Analytics, and a user community, we can track the effectiveness of the interventions around the world, and perform analytics on our metrics from the many users our platform quantifying the impact we are having. With the user community, new ideas can be shared, and more lives can be saved.  
  
 Zap is a smart contract that auto-spreads incoming deposits across Compound, Fulcrum, TokenSets and others, in a single transaction and based on pre-set allocations - bypassing many manual steps. You can send ETH to a Zap contract of your choosing and receive allocated tokens. For example, Lender Zap allocates incoming deposits 90% to cDai and 10% to dLETH2x. Therefore, if you send 1 ETH to this Zap, you will receive 0.9 ETH's worth of cDai and place a 2X margin trade with 0.1 ETH on Fulcrum (giving you exposure to 0.2 ETH). Lender's Zap is interesting because, within a year, the interest generated from cDai could completely cover your margin trade purchase.Think of it as trading with your future interest earned. We have also created a 'Zap Generator' to help end-users filter available Zaps based on their investment goals and risk profile. Users answer a few multiple-choice questions to see which Zap might fit their needs. Some combinations are still being finalized so please do not take this as investment advice. During this hackathon, you can view almost all available Zaps generated, but only Lender Zap is live on the mainnet. *** UPDATE: We deployed ETH Maximalist Zap - open BTC short & ETH 2X margin trades on Fulcrum in a single transaction. Learn more here.Lender.DefiZap.eth and ETHMax.DeFiZap.eth are registered on The Ethereum Name Service so that transacting on Compound + Fulcrum is as easy as sending a deposit from your wallet.Ultimately, we intend to allow our users to be able to create their own Zaps, based on their custom requirements. In the meantime, you can submit a custom Zap request here. 
 The game is based on GTA: San Andreas, but located in the very heart of Hack Cambridge, the Corn Exchange. Upon joining the server, the player is assigned a role — either a nice complying hacker, or a bad guy trying to ruin the hackathon. 
 The user wears an AR device while interacting with others, which captures their speech and immediately renders their speech as text. This text is rightly placed next to the person who is currently speaking, eliminating the need for sign language. This technology would help the user travel anywhere across the world and interact with anyone without any additional external help. Additionally, it gives haptic feedback once the sound level crosses beyond a threshold, alerting the user for any oncoming vehicles or other threatening situations.  
  
 Sincerely uses Wacom's Will SDK to take a signature from a user, saves it as an image on imgur, and uses Clarifai's machine learning technology to train and store the model.  Once this information is stored, anyone can then use Sincerely to securely sign a document.   
 As the name suggest our project is a mobile app which allows people who are about to take away food from a particular place to offer their services to help others take away food. The app has 2 main functions. Firstly, it allows a person to offer his/her services to help others purchase and deliver their food to a specific pick up location. Secondly, it allows people who do not have time to purchase their own food, to look through the offers available at pick up locations within an area they are willing to travel to, and choose to order a take away food from the person offering. 
 Tap the White Tile. Just kidding.Tap the black tiles and get furthest to win.The gray tiles are where you or other people have died.Play with your friends and see the die in real-time! 
 The UnStoppable Solution is one of the leading visually impaired add-ons for JIRA. UnStoppable makes JIRA Accessible! Using keyboard strokes, text-to-speech technology and an updated interface allows the users to have full control of JIRA.Built WithjavajavascriptjirajqueryTry it outmarketplace.atlassian.com      Submitted to    Atlassian Codegeist: Add-on Hackathon    Created by  ADDTEQJaclyn DePinho 
 Our solution is essentially based on the conservation of waste water from industries and local municipal bodies. This is a blockchain and ML Implementation to solve the problem for water distress and recycle. We have integrated a Interface that essentially enables a regulator to make transactions, change water cleanliness values and add a authenticated device to the blockchain. Since the app is a Distributed App we ensure that the data do not get tampered by a single authority but is available in a distributed ecosystem for viewing of all. We are adding meter readings on the blockchain in a smart contract and also the record of all the IOT Devices. 
 Have you ever heard about color types? It's an idea that every person on the planet Earth can be divided in 4 different categories: summer, spring, autumn and winter. Each of this categories can be described by colors paletteThe workflow is pretty straightforward: Upload selfieImage analysis: eyes, skin, hair detection and color recognitionMatch color palette with userFind clothes using modified Zalando API for specific paletteForm perfect sets (top, bottom, outwear and shoes) for creating unique appearanceWhat we learnedWe came to this competition as a rather well-formed team but ended it as a better and stronger team.  Also as we mentioned before we've learned a lot about image processing and it's possibilities. What's next for ColorMeIncrease integration with Zalando APICreate Android applicationImprove image processing part of algorithmBuilt Withdigitaloceanflaskiosjetbrainsmachine-learningmongodbopencvpythonsublime-textswift      Submitted to    Junction 2016    Created by  I developed architecture of the project, created rest api for ios client application, administrated database.Sergey KananykhinI've created a ColorMe iOS application with the help of Xcode and Swift 3. Design was created by me in Sketch.Alexander DanilyakiOS Developer, UI/UX DesignerI implemented most part of clothes color segmentation and detection algorithms. I also made some contribution in color type detection based on photo.Aleksei ZhuravlevFor our app I implemented a core color type detection algorithm based on a person's photo analisis. Maria Sandrikova 
  
 Takes images of people, analyzes their emotional state and places an appropiate Kanye face on top. 
  
  
 The Guardian firefighter helmet sends and retrieves information by using six sensors connected to a central microcontroller capable of connecting to nearby WiFi networks. When information from the environment is extracted, we are capable of sending this information using WiFi following the IOT protocol to a remote real-time database where it is stored and processed. When this information is retrieved, it is used to create a web user interface that displays the information in a real-time framework to show changes as they happen. This interface allows all subscribers to the web app to monitor the situation different firefighters are and providing assistance when needed. 
 Users are able to request and discuss product features and improvements.Once builders announce release planning event, users and builders collaboratively vote on feature candidates.Builders can perform a cost-benefit analysis to select features, and announce the new release plan to the users. 
 This Project is based on (gyroscope) mobile sensor. In which get readings from the sensor while traveling on the road. These readings are analyzed by algorithm. After analyzing the reading results have been generated. These results are shown on the Google maps. There is a need to identify good or bad road condition along parts of highways.There is no tool or application which provides current road condition information. This application provides an inexpensive and easy to use smartphone based mechanism for collecting road condition information.  GPS Aware road profile will not only be help full in usually travelling but it will help in emergency situation and in military actions as well. Road situations provide reasons for many economic loses and casualties as well. Our project will help to pre-determine the condition of roads for emergency situations like for the movement of ambulance, for traveling under certain climatic conditions. And will also be helpful for military helicopters to find a certain plain surface in case of emergency. 
 What our file does is that it receives vocal inputs, likely from the user lamenting about their long day. We then return a motivating message that will likely end up depressing the user. Intended as a gag app, the user will find themselves on the receiving end of staggering, and occasionally politically incorrect humor.  
 When ever a critical incident is generated in Nagios same is pushed in Jira in mapped project & issue type. 
  
 DocuSign for Confluence allows you to create, send, and track electronic signature documents from and within Confluence for your fastest, easiest approvals.  Export pages and attachments to Confluence and external users. Recieve realtime status updates via the DocuSign page lozenges and Confluence notifications.Embed DocuSign signature, initials and other fields directly into pages via Macros.Create report pages with DocuSign envelope list Blueprints.  
 There are 2 main components to this project. Service Bots, the autonomous, trash seeking robots, and the mobile application. Service bots roam around looking for objects that have similar physical attributes to trash (objects that are typically low to the ground). Once a service bot detects an object, it drops a pin to the google maps activity in the application at the coordinates specified on the communicator android phone which is on the bot. It is up to the user to look for this trash to redeem points, the user must take a picture of the object while in the app which then sends the image to the Google Cloud Vision API, which returns probabilities of the object in the image being some other image. The application is looking for high similarity hits of certain objects that we have predefined to be trash (water bottle, glass bottle, etc). If the user's image has high likelihood of being trash, the user will be credited. 
 The Butler Power-Up lets you add contextual buttons to Trello that, when clicked, perform automated series of actions. For example, a button show in a card can move it to the "To Do" list, add me as a member and post a comment.I also added actions that are not available in Trello. For example, you can copy or move one or more cards randomly selected from a list, or sort a list by due date, title, time in list, labels or a custom field.Importantly, you don't even need to create the buttons. The Power-Up is able to gather statistics of your Trello usage and recommends buttons specifically for you and for each particular board.Buttons can be shared with other team members so teams can apply consistent processes and everyone can improve their productivity with minimal effort. 
 Thunkfluence is a Chrome extension that indexes your Confluence content in your browser and then provides a lightning fast as-you-type search. Instant results make it really easy to refine queries on the fly to locate a page you're looking for, or explore what other people have contributed.Thunkfluence knows who wrote what and finds people as well as pages. Results include a few authorities who have authored the most content relevant to your query. So if you can't find the knowledge you're looking for, you know exactly who to ask – super useful.Finally, Thunkfluence keeps track of the pages you work with and keeps them just one click away. When someone else updates your pages, you'll see right away. 
  
 Prof(ani)ty  searches through any webpage a child may access, censors black-listed words and replaces them with an appropriate emoji. This easy to install chrome extension is accessible for all institutional settings or even applicable home devices.  
 It take the excel data from the Citrix environment and make it available in datatable. 
 Improvisation of the operations process 
 Tracks water consumption, food waste and plastic usage using our tracker!How WE built itWe first used Adobe XD to wireframe and prototype.Then we built our website infrastructure using HTML and CSS.We then incorporated HTML files to React & Next.js,.Last but not least lots of hard works and caffeinated stuff! :DChallenges WE ran intoComing up with a great name struggled us a lot, to be honest...Saving data and making trackerAccomplishments that I'm proud ofLearning new codes, and from new friends!What WE learnedAccomplishmentsWhat's next for UnbottlrMore to come!Built Withadobe-illustratoradobexdcssgoogle-app-enginehtmljavascriptnext.jsnode.jsphotoshopreactTry it outunbottlr.appspot.com      Submitted to    MadHacks Carbon 2019Winner                People's Choice                  Created by  Holly Yun-Ting ChenYu-Tai ChenMing Hsuan (Clarence) KuoOwen HuntUW–Madison Sophomore studying Math and CS. Internship at Mandli Communications focusing on panoramic image stitching and image manipulation. 
  
  
 this app got 2 interfaces,one for clients and another for the taxi driver(and the super admin) the first one ask for taxi and also detect taxis nearby and once the user send a request for a taxi . a notification appears in the taxi driver interface to see who is available to serve the client ,and once a taxi accept that request ,a notification appear in clients interface with the information about the taxi driver . 
 We split our idea in 2 parts:An application that will automatically send updated information to family depending of how the surgery is going, reducing the time that doctors and nurses are giving to families during the surgery.A robot that helps the kid to reduce fear and calm him down. It will be a friend which mirror kid's emotions, giving a protection sense and comprehension. 
  
  
 Driver or Cab owner can bid for travel ride  through chat with Travel Ride bid Bot. Driver or Cab owner just need to share basic details along with bid amount with bot and done.Bot will identify entry with minimum bid amount and will send sms notification to respective driver/cab owner.How cool is that !!! 
 Phoenix Journey is a mobile procedurally generated endless runner game focused on the small details that make things great.You play as the Phoenix and fly towards your goals, avoiding obstacles and dodging traps. In the meantime, you pick up what you earn in your path.Obstacles are inevitable at some point. As a Phoenix, though, you have a second chance. You can resurrect. Try to get to the point where you restore your life. But with a time limit. 
  
 Swordfish integrates with Xero’s invoicing and payment capabilities to allow small business owners to easily sync with Swordfish at a click of a button.Once the sync is completed we have a user-friendly interface, which allows you to proceed with a multitude of different types of actions on your client(s) account. Send a single SMS's, emails or run campaigns.  Phone calls, diaries, record keeping, follow up procedure, automatisation of functionality, payment arrangements, compliance and legalities – but to name a few. You are provided with your own all-inclusive powerful collection tool, tailor-made for the SME space to approach outstanding accounts in your business as if it was its own business, A debt collection business.  We also offer comprehensive insights into your debtor's book, with an astute dashboard, that provides a detailed age analysis of all your customer invoices. These are just a few of the tools available to reduce the number of your debtors and money owed to you. Importantly the system allows one to capture all activities with your customer so if the account is to be handed over for legal procedures, all the documentation and correspondence with the debtor is captured in order to streamline the legal process which can be resource intensive and detrimental to the success of a matter if all is not in order.  Try Swordfish Essential today. The one-stop shop for SME's to collect their cash and cut out the middleman. It all happens at a click of a button. http://ww1.swordfish.co.za/sign-up-essential/ 
 We have created a decentralized ERC20 Options Trading platform. On our platform, the option Maker can create an order, filling out the details which are added as an order to our Orderbook making it available for everyone to access. Along with the details, he must also give the allowance to transfer the BaseTokens to the escrow to be released when the option is exercised.The Taker can choose the most profitable option in the Orderbook according to his judgement and fill it. To do so, he would be prompted to pay the premium for that option in the QuoteToken. Using Kyber, traders can swap the required ERC20 at the time of payment and pay with whichever ERC20 tokens they have. They receive the ERC721 OptionTokens for the corresponding option order filled.Before the expiry time, the Taker can choose to exercise his Option by giving his OptionTokens to purchase the locked BaseTokens at the Strike Price, in terms of QuoteTokens. This will be possible after verification by the smart contract wrt to expiry time and Market Price of the BaseToken according to a Chainlink Oracle which takes the price through a Coinmarketcap API. Using Chainlink, we were able to ensure the integrity of data sensitive to the trading. Taker can then sell BaseTokens in the market, thereby making a profit of (MarketPrice - StrikePrice) per locked BaseToken.Challenges we ran intoOne of the major challenges while conceptualising the platform was that it would be difficult to make the platform popular as people would need the corresponding ERC20 token for the option they choose, restricting scalability. While exploring Kyber, we realised this problem will be solved successfully by integrating Kyber with our platform and allowing users to pay through it.One of the implementation challenges was writing the contracts such that no bad user input can get through, i.e., learning basic auditing to create a secure implementation. Also, another challenge was testing on public networks since we needed data from public networks like Kyber and Chainlink.Accomplishments that we're proud ofWe’re proud that we have managed to create a seamless user interface on top of the complicated smart contracts to successfully implement our vision. We believe our platform can help propel the mass adoption of ERC20 tokens and hence of blockchain by encouraging investment in more tokens. We are thus proud of having positively impacted the DeFi and Web3.0 space. What we learnedMaking this project has been a truly amazing learning experience, from learning about the decentralised finance space and how options work to learning about decentralised oracles and swapping protocols. Moreover, we learnt how to successfully write multiple inter-dependent smart contracts in sync with each other. We also learnt to properly use the Truffle Suite, to deploy contracts and write tests, and hence create a robust DApp.What's next for EthOptionsFor the future of EthOptions, we intend to extend the functionality by also introducing Put Options. We want to make the OptionTokens tradable so that one can sell their position. Also, we intend to extend the asset class our platform caters to, beyond ERC20 tokens by using the Synthetix platform. Besides the longing and shorting of Call and Put options, we intend on integrating popular Option strategies such as Covered/Married Call, Bull & Bear Call/Put Spreads, Iron Condor, etc. to benefit from all sorts of market movements. The platform will allow for a Plug-n-Play approach to easily form option strategies.For amateur traders, ETHOptions will show the possible strategies based on the market conditions that the trader can benefit from. Traders can implement trading strategies based on their trading style, goals, risk-taking capabilities, etc. Built Withchainlinkcoinmarketcapkybernode.jsreact.jssoliditytruffleTry it outethoptions.mlgithub.com      Submitted to    Kyber DeFi Virtual Hackathon    Created by  parinaA AnandNikhil YadavSiddharth BhallaMohsin Hussain 
 Users are able to view and create recipe that will be approved by the admin first. Users that are able to view the different recipe will have a choice to choose their own filter (e.g Halal, Vegetarian, Local) to sort out the recipe accordingly to this filters. After which, they are able to follow a step-by-step guideline to help them in cooking properly with the right ingredients and ensure that the taste will be right. 
 Athena is an application thinked for women safety that send some notification on wearable devices (smartwatch or a device like a bracelet). 
 our application will give the citizen his location and where he will put his destination so that the taxi driver will get it in the app and go to take him 
 Taxi GO is a apps to help Morocco’s taxi drivers fill seats, or to help passengers enjoy shared rides with faster, safer, and more cost and time efficient journeys. 
  
 The idea behind the service is very simple. First, you define what a perfect weather means for you at a given moment in time. Currently, you can filter by temperature, wind speed, precipitation type and probability of precipitation. Then, the service does the rest and you are presented with the best matching destinations. The results are sorted by the amount of perfect days, those matching the original query, found in a week for each city and limited to top five. Perfect days are also marked with a different background. Currently, only 100 touristy cities in Europe are supported.Let's see how we could use the service for the use cases defined in the previous section.Set the wind to be between 16 and 32 km/h ideal for flying a kite, small chance of rain, comfortable temperature.Set the min temperature to be warm enough for you, set the chance of rain to 0%.Set the temperature to be around and below 0 C, choose snow as a precipitation type and the chance of precip. to be high.Set the wind speed to be less than 16km/h, little rain and clouds as you want to avoid it being too sunny and have the fish go deeper in the water, comfortable temperature.Choose whatever conditions you want to have for your multi-day cycling trip.If you wish, you can easily check out how to get to your chosen destination,as the application comes integrated with a travel search service SkyScanner. 
 To begin using Doglog, you create a “pack”, which includes all the people who provide care to your pet. Then, any member of the pack can log events, such as feedings, walks, and giving medicine. When an event is logged, all members of the pack receive a notification so they stay informed about the dog’s wellbeing.Users end up being able to see their pet’s entire life in DogLog’s feed, and then can use the Statistics feature to notice patterns and correlations between different activities.  
 The bot interact with users by responding to questions related to pregnancy, such as : general information, symptoms that may happens to the mom, baby development and progress. 
 Team Lunchbox’s Free and Reduced Lunch Program application uses modern form logic, user experience best practices, and a clean design aesthetic to provide users a way to apply for free and reduced lunch wherever they are - whether their primary Internet enabled device is a smartphone (for many, the only way to connect to the Internet) or a desktop computer, all should be able to easily fill out this application.We adhered to 5 design principles fueled by our background research, user interviews, and user testing, including: mobile first design, contextual help with progressive disclosure, simple language at an 8th grade reading level, personalized flow through form logic, and consistent UI standards.  We know the impact of our application could be improved further by things like localization to different languages, so we’ve outlined further directions for our application to take after this initial sprint.  
  
  
 Start: the user is logged into the system as soon as the car is turned on. Choose the destination: The source and destination are chosen based on the current position as identified by the GPS system and the input by the user respectively. The path is set for the shortest travel time: Using the proposed modified algorithm, based on all the users currently logged onto the system and their current position and destination the route that takes the shortest time to travel is set.Automated transport: Using the grid based system where the inaccessible roads are blocked out by giving a very high value and the weight is taken in accordance with the speed the car can achieve on the particular road, the user is transported from source to destination. Arrive at destination: With minimal sensors, this automated mode transport uses big data analytics and cloud computing to ferry people from one place to another safely.Stop: Once the car is stopped, the user has logged off the system.The first part of the prototype consists of the modified Dijkstra’s algorithm in which the shortest path is determined based on the time taken and not on the distance between the source and destination. (how many people own cars) (statistically how many people would want to go to the same place at the same time in a particular place) If the shortest route is to take the I-16 and turn north towards the bridge, and all 100 people take the I-16 and turn north, then imagine the traffic jam a vehicle would be stuck in with the agonising honking and bumper to bumper trafficThe whole ground can be represented as a grid or a matrix. A path can then be plotted based on the parts of the grid that are free. For example, if there is a pothole then that part of the grid can be made as inaccessible and will not show as a viable route that can be taken. Similarly to all the places that are on either side of the road. 
  
 As of now, it asks for an image URL (specifically a link to one of the chapter's image in some manga) and the program will show you what text are on the image, then the text will be translated afterward. 
 Users can save their money by adopting, raising pets (through buying food for pet by ETH). There are two points you need to remember if you want your pets to grow perfectly : feed duration and pet balance. Feed duration is a measure to detect shape of your pets while the size of pet is determined by the remaining balance of pet .Feed duration will be increased if your pets are fed regularly. Last but not least, You can still withdraw your money in pet whenever you need. 
  
 We're changing the way it recommends places to visit. Using the Personality Index API from IBM BlueMix, we analyse your tweets (default) and figure out your personality to work on what would best suit your kind of travel. Doing a layered Sentiment Analysis, we worked our way from scraping our (formerly) favorite sites for reviews, and correlating the Personaliy Index of the Reviewer as well as the Sentiment of the Review.Based on the correlation, we then recommend a list of places that you would love to be at.Last but not least, we used the Amazon Alexa to be our Travel Buddy giving us cool use cases for a kick-ass conversation. 
  
 This application helps users to view and compare phones in AR. The user starts the application and the camera will be activated. The user then can click on a point in the camera and they will be asked what phone they want to place at that point. The desired phone will then appear there, with the actual size and looks. The user can also choose to place multiple phones  and compare their specifications. Some demos 
 Make music using your body.Play different instruments.Can be connected to any virtual instrument (VST) or digital audio workstation (eg: Ableton, Bitwig Studio, ...) through MIDI (music protocol for sounds).Demo Videos: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLJZM96_w44yPRqdb1eJmBDbp4gD2u-nlq 
 It’s a reality Photo Booth for your IMVU avatar. IMVU PhotoReal lets you place your IMVU avatar in 3D augmented reality on any surface - you can then select from classic Instagram effects and poses to make your photo super awesome to post to your IMVU feed!How to usePlace your avatar on any surface. Try to find one that’s noisy, then place your phone parallel to the surface. If the AReality3D meter shows green - it’s an excellent surface to augment on!  Select the outfit you want from the camera roll. Drag-slide along the film to scroll through all of your outfits. Don’t want to see your outfits? Touch the film roll canister to toggle the film in and out. (Outfit photo inverts when selected!)Touch on the surface plane to move your avatar there. Strike a pose. Turn on some Instagram effects. Take a photo and share to feed! Buttons on the top:Left - rotate 90 degrees (did you place your avatar on a wall?) Right - find a new surface to put your avatar onButtons on the bottom portion: Instagram effectsCamera button: post to feed!PosesOh, Pose freebies: And your avatar can drink! (Random drink generator c/o HoloYummy)And your avatar can play piano, too! (Audio on - a random piano piece plays each time you select “Play Piano”.)  
 The game balances risk and reward and uses game logic to guide players through a series of financial well-being questions. Each answer affects the player’s overall financial wellness score. Players are directed to the next question based on their answer to the previous question. To win the game, the player must make it through all the scenarios and end the game with a positive financial wellness score. 
 When a user create an account in If-Found-Lost.com he get a globally unique numeric id which is short to be easily rememberable and writable. So if the id is 7766 it makes a URL, www.If-Found-Lost.com/7766. So instead of private contact information this is what he writes or prints on his items. For example he can write it in his books, in the keytag of his backpack or in his quadcopter. The name If-Found-Lost is there to make the intuition that what should you do "if you found this lost". So lets say Ann found my charger so she just has to go to that link and need to enter the best way to contact her as it asks. She does not need any login or create an account, just to go trough a captcha. Then I will get the message right away to my inbox in If-Found-Lost, saying Ann has found this and this is the way to contact her. So I am the one who decides whether to contact her or not. So I am directly contacting Ann and getting it, and I did not expose my privacy details to the public.Here is another thing, I thought how to expand this as a business. For an unique id given by the website, we'l say it as IFL(stands for If-Found-Lost id). So If my packpack or music player coming with an IFL built-in, I do not have to write my id on it. Just as we login to warantee information, after buying that item we go to If-Found-Lost.com and link that IFL with our account. This gives manufactures a competitve advantage, becuae lets say switss gear is joining with us and with every backPack it comes with a uniqueID printed and it makes their backPacks globally findable without exposing the privacy of the owner. 
  
  
 We think the root cause of this problem is the distance between cars is too long. While research shows that auto-pilotted cars can be used to reduce safety concerns when driving in an increased speed. Before we really have an auto-pilotted eCar system in place, GoforCar team focuses on utilizing the current technology to provide the best integrated option and relieving the traffic jam during the peak hour. To encourage people to use eCar, there is BUS & eCar ONLY LANE during peak hour to ensure that you can make it within 70 minutes from Yilan to Taipei or Taipei to Yilan. 
 CommitCoin is the first-ever implementation of a WebRTC-based decentralized blockchain in a browser. It utilizes the user's CPU to mine Monero and subsequently pays it out to developers who make meaningful contributions to the open source community on GitHub. The payout varies based on the number of stars and pull-requests of the repository.  
 This project listens for the word Purple in a phrase to start the conversation. When the user needs help - it sends out the current location to their relatives or the corresponding contact. We also introduced safe location finder which finds  the nearby public places for shelter and protection. In addition, the algorithm is smart enough to understand that if that location is open or not. 
  
 It is a game where the user can learn about the large rivers in the world as well as play quiz game for rivers of the world. 
 The Scrum Master can initiate a voting session for an agile story in JIRA, the developers can join the session and use their mobile phones to vote for each story with an estimation value. Once everybody is finished the Scrum Master announces the result and adds it to the story in JIRA. 
 The Alexa Skill queries build tools through a proxy node service and retrieves build status information. It then triggers new builds on an associated project. If the project and plan keys are provided, the Alexa Skill would be associated with a particular plan. If not, the Alexa Skill would query information across multiple build plans within a project and provides the results of the top 5 most recent builds. From there, the Alexa Skill requests that the user chooses an option number. The user can then select an option by saying the associated number. To end a search, the user would use the commands, "Stop" or "Cancel".Get Last Build Status This query retrieves the last build status from the project key provided in the CI Proxy service. If the build plan is not specified in the config file, then Alexa would provide the user with options to choose one of the build plans.Get Last Successful Build This query retrieves the last successful build from the project key provided within the CI Proxy service. If the build plan is not specified in the config file, then Alexa would provide the user with options to choose one of the build plans. Last failed Build Retrieves the last failed build in the plan.Trigger New Build Triggers a manual build in the plan.How We built itThis Alexa Skill queries a proxy node service that runs on the client server. The node service connects to their internal CI tool (such as Bamboo or Jenkins), and queries build status information and has the ability to trigger new builds. Since the node service runs internally, users do not have to provide CI tool credentials to the Alexa Skill. This is because the Alexa Skill and the proxy node service share authorized keys that allow requests from the Alexa Skill and blocks all other requests.Challenges We ran intoOne of the main challenges that we ran into, was that we decided to use the Serverless Framework to setup our Alexa Skill, as well as the API Gateway and Lambda connections. During the setup of the API Gateway, we chose to use Lambda as the integration point from API Gateway instead of lambda-proxy. This meant that we were required to setup some items manually within the API Gateway to allow the requests to work. This caused an issue when we tried to move the project from our AWS Dev account to our Production account. We had to duplicate the manual steps instead of being able to do it with Serveless' CLI functionality.Proud AccomplishmentsPreviously, all of the Lambda functions were created manually by compressing and uploading through the Amazon portal. Most deployments for this project were automated using a Serverless Framework, which saved us a tremendous amount of time, and helped us manage all of our different environments.What We learnedWe learned to manage our infrastructure in Amazon (as code), using Serverless Framework technology.What's next for Build MeisterThe future of Build Meister is endless. To start off, we want to extend support to more CI tools (other than Bamboo and Jenkins), and add deployment functionalities.Built Withnode.jsamazon-alexahtml5css3bitbucketBuilt Withamazon-alexabitbucketcss3html5node.jsTry it outbitbucket.orgmarketplace.atlassian.comnebula.addteq.com      Submitted to    Atlassian Codegeist 2017    Created by  Jaclyn DePinhoHimanshu ChhetriAdisa CraigKarthikraj Sriram 
  
 We have built an AI orchestra, capable of improvising musical pieces in real time, inspiring and adapting to the humans it is playing with, and generating completely new songs based on its experience. We organized these three capabilities under two distinct pipelines within our platform. Ad Hoc improvisation and procedural generation is accomplished through our Neural Pipeline. The pipeline itself is driven by two different models. One consists of a character generating Recurrent Neural Network, capable of reading audio MIDI files and learning their structure. This network can then generate creative pieces on the piano, violin, cello, and trumpets. The songs we created sound both euphonic and aggressive, very different from what a normal human would compose. After seeing these results, we became very interested about what networks designed by actual music theorists can do. This caused us to also incorporate elements of Hexahedria’s Biaxial Recurrent Network within our pipeline. This model explicitly learns pieces by using music theory and multiple recurrence dimensions (temporal and note spaces) to generate beautiful music. Those results made us very excited, thinking about the different kinds of music that different AI architectures can create. Real-time adaptive playing is accomplished through the Improvisational Pipeline. This consists of an Arduino and two microphones (one from a set of Apple ear pods) mounted to a classical violin, which pick up the notes being played on our violin. We isolate these notes by sampling based on the beat. The note itself is determined by running a Fast Fourier Transform on the signal received and then extracting the most prominent frequency (a note is essentially a particular frequency). Finally, these extracted notes are mapped to new notes based on Music Theory, using concepts such as the pentatonic scale, perfect fourths, etc. 
 The Meteor Train is a toy train, controlled by a Meteor application.After booting the Raspberry and starting the Meteor application, you can connect to the UI using ip-adress:3000. If no one else is in charge of controlling the engine, you can take control of the train. Sliders allow you to set the driving direction and the desired speed. A big speed-indicator shows the current speed. Other visitors of the application are considered as passenger, which are carried by the train, probably waiting for the chance to take over the engine. The count of the passengers is also shown in the cockpit.  
 Our python project listens for a text message (through a dedicated SMTP email server) then reads and parses the email to get a bash command.  Then it creates a subprocess to run the bash command on the server's shell.  It also includes two factor authentication, with a config file and a required usage password. 
 With TeXscribe, writing math in LaTeX is as easy as writing it by hand. Just write equations on your iOS device and watch them magically get converted into digital form! You can easily export or share the LaTeX code from your device, but the best part about TeXscribe is that you can save your equations to a personal library in the cloud. This means that you can access your work at any time and on any device, including your computer. So next time you need to put equations into your LaTeX document, just copy the code from your personal library!FEATURESHandwrite equations and render to LaTeX automaticallyEasily and intuitively edit equationsSimplify expressions involving trigonometric functions and numerical valuesCompute expressions involving derivatives, integrals, and much more!Share your code via text message, email, or copying to the clipboardOrganize your equations into foldersSave your work to a personal library in the cloudVisit www.texscribe.me on your computer to access your library and view/copy codeNext StepsOptimized UI for iPad. Android and Windows apps. Collaboration between users.Long-term VisionThe long-term goal for TeXscribe is to become a complete LaTeX document processor with math/text/figure recognition and cloud integration. We wish to bring scientific writing into the 21st century.Built WithdjangoiosmyscriptTry it outwww.texscribe.me      Submitted to    MyScript App ChallengeWinner                First 50 valid submissions                  Created by  Aman Sinha 
 It allows the user to play through an adventure game using no other input but their voice.  
 It processes the images in Google' reCAPTCHA and attempts to programmatically click the right ones. 
  
 The AI-909 combines the basic functionality of a drum machine with machine intelligence to learn and produce its own drum sequences. After inputting example sequences, the application learns to generate its own novel drum patterns or create a variation of an input sequence. 
  
 Its a turn based strategy game that you can play online with others. Win by defeating all the enemy units! 
 Aquareness lets you be aware of the water consumption in your daily life and see by yourself if you're wasting too much water while taking showers or dishwashing, for example. It allows you to keep control of who is using more water in a house and act accordingly - just imagine if a roommate decides to take daily baths for a month straight, splitting water costs among the roommates would be easier knowing the proportion of water consumed by each member! It can be used as an educational tool for the younger ones, teaching them the virtues of using the right amount of water that should be used while doing chores like cleaning dishes or when taking a shower.  
 We provide crowdsourced corpus for translations.  
 Slope Ninja helps travelers find snow reports, chain control and road conditions for ski areas in Tahoe. Resorts include Alpine Meadows, Boreal, Diamond Peak, Donner Ski Ranch, Heavenly, Homewood, Kirkwood, Mt Rose, Northstar, Sierra at Tahoe, Squaw Valley and Sugar Bowl. 
  
 Harnessing computer vision and NLP, we have developed a tool that can administer a concussion test in under 2 minutes. It can be easily done anywhere using just a smartphone. The test consists of multiple cognitive tasks in order to get a complete assessment of the situation. 
  
 Limbr Reports essentially bolts a reporting engine directly into the JIRA user interface. Users can easily create a report, and then customize the presentation with a variety of configuration options. Each report sources issue data from a base query, constructed with JQL. The user decides how to slice and dice the data, sorting and grouping with unrestricted levels of nesting. Additionally, the user can configure aggregations (sum, average, minimum and maximum) on supported field types (numbers and dates, initially), and the report will calculate these aggregations at runtime and summarize the data at the report and group level. 
  
 Nous avons premièrement créé deux systèmes pouvant gérer la consommation d'eau potable et d'isolation thermique pour les maisons. Ces informations sont intégrées à différents services permettant au citoyen de s'impliquer dans sa communauté ou en rendant plus accessible différents services offert par sa municipalité. L'application génère aussi du big data, permettant aux municipalités de mieux connaître leurs paroissiens et leurs habitudes. 
 Tandem has two core features that make it completely unique in the healthcare communications space: Role-based communication: Providers rarely (if ever) know the names of the people they need to communicate with in other departments (i.e. Lab, Imaging).  Systems such as pagers, phones, and HIPAA-messaging products require users to find out the name/number of the person they need to contact, a process that requires them to either waste time looking for that person or sit on hold for 20 minutes.  Tandem integrates with EHRs and hospital scheduling systems to automatically distribute messages based off on role, saving providers around an hour per patient (a multi-million dollar proposition for even a small hospital).Task-based communication: Task-based communication is the structuring of messages in a queue-based ticketing system, which pulls in the relevant parties automatically and gives them the tools they need to quickly resolve tasks.  This system allows providers to focus on the messages that require their input, reducing communications overload and driving efficiency. 
  
 conf.io is a platform that allows conference or meetup organizers better manage their events,starting from the CFP application, that manages the complete workflow from submitting a talk, voting, accepting and publishing the schedule.the schedule web app that came to solve one of the legacy CFP schedule's UI/UX problems.the reviewer app which is an offline first mobile application that allows conference or meetup organizers review the proposals offline, then sync them with the CFP later on.integrable with alf.io for the best check-in experience. 
  
 Ayo Banyuwangi can give any information about Banyuwangi like tourism , art events, craft, arts and culture. Ayo Banyuwangi can give a geographic information in a maps to make it easier using Google Maps API for tourist to reach the destination. Ayo Banyuwangi can help UMKM in Banyuwangi active to compete the 4.0 industry revolution with promote and manage the product and increase sales effectively. 
 We believe big differences can be created with small but “smart & effective” ideas. So we thought to create Virtual Scrum Master, a companion for every engineer working on IT projects. It will engage with them and help them easily log key & timely happenings, updates which can make big difference. Proposed solution is to leverage human like conversational Chat-bots* to engage with engineers on the channels they visit the most, like, social messenger (Facebook). Combination of social channel & engaging chat-bot empowers team members with ease of access to scrum management tool and thus task status update is no more a problem as it can be done on the move. This will assure current project health can be monitored and risks can be mitigated in timely fashion. Chat-bot* is a smart software, which along with AI can connect with end users via “human like conversation”.  
  
 A game that you can play alone or with friends at your PC or at your mobile, testing your logic. 
 It is a game where you must dodge enemy spaceships, but there is a huge surprise of space penguins! 
 You can create groups and post photos in them daily to fill out your calendar. At the end of that process you export the photos. Ideally you have a group for many things you are involved with so at the end of the year it is like those yearbooks you used to get in High School. 
 Alexa JARVIS is an intuitive voice controlled smart helmet. The goal was to create a completely voice controlled interactive system to assist a motorcyclist on the road, while leaving the other four senses to focus on the safety of the user. This is different than other smart helmets on the market because it does not impede the sense of sight, it is easily accessible and can be adapted to many different helmets, and it is a cheaper alternative to competitors.Some examples of the commands you can run are:“Navigate home”“Navigate to work”“Where am I?”“How long will it take me to get to work?”“Text Mike I’ll be there in 5 minutes”“Send my location to mom”“Help” – Sends out a distress signal with your location to a list of emergency contacts 
  
 TourUs is a crowdsourcing platform that matches the interests and potential locations of tourists to various tourguides who are knowledgeable about a particular location. We have a custom matching algorithm that creates a "score" based on the number of mutual interests between a tourist and tourguide and returns these results back to the tourist. The tourist can then view the profile of a tourguide to judge whether or not he/she would be a good fit for them. Even if the tourist doesn't wish to contact the tourguide, they can even view the list of reccommended events, places, or experiences to adventure at a certain location. They can then decide when/where they want to meet up, if they decide to do so, and the tourguide can be tipped by the tourist.How We built itOur entire tech stack revolves around meteor.js which combines client and server side code into a single easy to deploy system. Meteor uses MongoDB for the database, and a templating language of HTML5 for the frontend. Much of the dynamic client interfacing and backend interfacing is written in javascript.Challenges We ran intoBefore this hackathon 36 hours ago, none of us had ever touched Meteor.js or had extensive experience with javascript. As a result, writing much of the client and server side turned out to be a larger learning curve than we had imagined. In addition, MongoDB which was very different from the SQL databases we were accustomed to using was hard to understand due to its dynamic schema. We also had to understand the concept of reactivity with respect to Meteor.js. We were also about 6 hours late to the hackathon, which was a bit crippling in terms of time management; we found ourselves a bit rushed at the end, but managed to pull it together!Accomplishments that we're proud ofWe're really proud that we were able to put our idea to fruition in whatever capacity. In addition, we're proud that the matching algorithm worked as we had imagined, and that the entire website was much more polished than we originally envisioned.What We learnedWe learned a lot of Meteor.js this weekend.What's next for TourUsTechDisrupt 2016Built Withcss3google-mapshtml5iron-routermeteor.jssquaretripadvisorTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    WUHack 2015Winner                People's Choice                  Created by  Created the frontend. Worked on the backend when I had time. Came up with idea of project.Peter WooI worked on the backend, integrating the application with MongoDB.Radhir KothuriI dealt with the google maps API and the google places API, I also worked with our Mongo database and handled lots of the routing with Iron:RouterTimothy SanchiricoI developed the back-end and matching algorithm for pairing tourists with tour guides. I also implemented the dynamics parts of the front end that involved using the templating powers of Meteor.jsMatthew Worley 
 It sends a spoof email from CECA! 
  
 Group chat conversation 
  
  
  
 faceband is basically a rhythm action game using facial movement effects from facebook or instagram. You can use your face as an interaction to play the notes like opening your mouth or winking. Each player can choose an instrument and build a sort of band and they can play a single song making harmony. 
 With Pick@School, in a modern and secure way; parents will notify the school they are on their way to pick their son; every day a new QR will be generated in the cel phone; the institution receives the notification in a Tablet or Ipad with the information of: wich kids is leaving, who is going to pick it up, type and color of the vehicle or walking and how far away from school they are. The application is constantly updated, and arrange the kids in the Tablet or Ipad screen, based on the proximity to the school of the person who will pick the child.  This information allows the school  to prepare the children and keep them near the exit door prior to the parents arrival.Parents no longer have to wait so long to pick up their children, with Pick@School child hand-over is faster because the school can prepare children´s before their parents arrival; rather than call them when their parents have already arrived. This is useful for people who pick their children by car or walking.The school only need one  or more tablets or iPads to receive notifications and scan the codes of the parents cel phone. When scanning these codes, the school will generate a report containing information of the deliveries: child's name, who picked him up, at what time he left, what car or walking, and who delivered the child.Permissions can be given by parents to different people, they are called "authorized"; every user has an unique code; that code will allow parents to give permissions so the "authorized" can pick his kids from school (this can be used when the kids are invited to make homework, have lunch, a party or playing in a friends house) There´s one app for parents, one app for school (both of them available for IOS and Android); and the master control that is operated by the general administrator and school administrators in a computer. All the information is encrypted, besides the use of SSL certificate.With the "autorized" function, wethey can do Carpool, so less cars will be in the streets, and we all be helping to decrease mobility and contamination problems.Accomplishments that I'm proud ofRight now five schools are already using the app; a couple more are in a trial period it, and I´m talking with a couple more to start the trial period so they can test it.Built Withavailable-for-ios-and-android-operating-systemsTry it outpickatschool.compickatschool.compickatschool.compickatschool.com      Submitted to    Mexico City Mobility ChallengeWinner                Second Prize              Smart Cities Hackathon 3.0    Created by  All the idea, concept, testing and implementation.Juan IslasFabiola Beltran 
 We track fish from the point where it is fished to the shore where it is sorted and then packed onto trucks and sent to restaurants and supermarkets 
 Creates clusters of patients based on their similar attributes including location, priority, task type, etc.Fits nurses to the model of clusters based on the nurse's location and specializationUser interface is an app allowing nurses to see patients in their area in a priority queue 
  
 This add-on will show the SLA information for each customer requests at the customer portal. It will allow you to filter the requests to obtain more accurate data, providing a wide visibility to the customers.This application is available for cloud and server versions of JIRA.Challenges we ran intoWe had a hard time navigating through the Atlassian Connect framework docs.Accomplishments that we're proud ofWe are proud of the level of integration accomplished. We can provide more transparency to the JIRA Service Desk customers. Also we are proud of the time it took us to build this add-on regardless of the challenges.What we learnedWe have learned the differences between cloud and server REST API's.What's next for Customer reports for JIRA Service Desk.We want to get customers feedback and turn them into new features.Built Withchart.jsdatatableshtml5node.jsTry it outmarketplace.atlassian.comconfluence.deiser.com      Submitted to    Atlassian Codegeist 2017    Created by  Carlos AparicioLeo DíazAtlassian Consultant at DEISER 
  
  
 A Game where the player can challenge the Chosen One. The player can use a gun to aim and shoot the Chosen One. The Chosen One can only dodge bullets at this moment in time.DemonstrationAgent learnt to camp at a corner:Agent learnt to dodge Gun bullets:MethodTrained over 1K epochs of 500 timesteps.Chosen OneModel: 5 hidden layers, 100 hidden channelsReward function: +1 if surviving, -50 if hitDiscount factor (g): 0.995Exploration policy: Epsilon-greedy (e = 0.3)Experience replay: Buffer (size = 10^6)Game EnvironmentState dimension: (25,)Agent: jumps, xpos, ypos, touchingObst, gravityCurrent5 Entities: x, y, speed, angleAction space: (3,)Agent: left, right, jumpGenerator: weapon_type, x, y, angle 
  
 Captures pertinent data in a multi-step form: fill out form following steps on live siteSave form data in database for later review/approval by employees: check out admin pageAllow mass export of data for further analysis: check out admin page and click export buttonDesign InspirationTurboTaxTypeFormGoalsHelp underprivileged families get food for their kids at school. Help USDA save money, time, and resources. Challenges I ran intoExport dynamic data using XML to MS Excel Dynamic step flowWrapping my head around the presentation of the formWhat I learnedDynamic Wizards are tough to develop; especially, when populating data across different tables in a UX friendly manner.Built Withcss3html5javascriptjquerypostgresqlruby-on-railsTry it outfood4students.herokuapp.comgithub.com      Submitted to    E.A.T. School Lunch UX Challenge    Created by  I was responsible for all phases of the project. Anees Merzibuilds pleasant user experiences 
 It's a way for people to share interesting things with people in Singapore and see other interesting things they could do with their dates, friends, family and other random stuff for entertainment. People would be able to filter first by location because travelling is super sian. Subsequent filters include:datepopularityprice (free, budget range)category by interest (outdoors, indoors, nightlife, sports, arts, music, etc.)exclusive discounts only with SuperSian (revenue)party size (couple, friends, family, single)single - we aim to include a feature that links individuals to potential interest groups that are going for the particular event. For those who are more introverted, an online chat room can match a buddy to the person and both can attend the event together.We have a random generator (of the day) that generates a random activity should you be super sian and do not want to make a decisionWe have a curated video and music section for all those who are just super sian of doing something phsyical and just don't know what new things to watch or listen to. On top of that, we are exploring a super sian chat room with curated (or not) topics as well.  
 Our new transportation network compares to modern maglev bullet trains utilizing a charged track and a man-made magnetic field, but differs in its energy recycling capabilities. In both systems, the electricity running through the tracks provides the propulsion, but in our invention, the wind produced by reaching speeds upwards of 250mph goes unutilized. In our new design, the train is deployed with side propellers to capture the wind energy during the high speed trips as well as smart glass composed roofs and windows which capture solar energy. These types of energy are converted into electricity stored in an on-board battery. After each trip, the energy from this battery goes towards powering the next trip.  
 SmartLyfe integrates the Most accurate Air Quality Data and the Complete Data for your Surroundings and Weather in a seamless way. The end result is that based on your location, the application recommends you about what all activities to do, where to go and not to go, disaster/epidemic situation if any, alerts for pollutants and allergens in the air surrounding you, the road conditions and much more. 
 It adds the songs listened to the playlist and ranks them, so that the favourites are played more often. 
 Instead of making a single app, we wanted to create a platform on top of which other people, even non-developers could innovate. That's why we built a Drupal module that we've open sourced. We've also built an example implementation that uses the module to address 2 problems we had in our company.The Context.IO module lets you set up feeds in Drupal that will import emails, or data inside your emails into a site. To do so you don't need to write a single line of code. You can use our module to make applications that do any or a combination of the following:Import emails that fulfil certain criteria from your email archiveImport emails as they arrive in your mailboxExtract information from email bodies (this currently requires regular expressions, I guess that qualifies as code)Share this information with a selected group of trusted parties that get access to your siteDo certain actions (e.g. schedule, or send an email) when you receive an email that fulfils certain criteriaCreate users in your site every time you receive email from a new address, or when an email gets forwardedDrupal already has a module to import emails: Mailhandler. Drupal.org knows about 2,352 sites that currently use the module and it has been downloaded 62,105 times. The Context.IO module that we built however is superior over Mailhandler for the following reasons:Mailhandler doesn't provide options to search and filter emailsMailhandler's primary use case is to import mail as it arrives in a mailbox, not to process emails that have been archived.Mailhandler requires you to provide login credentials to the site, and can't currently request access using oAuth. As a result it's only really fit for single mailbox applications (e.g. a "reply to" comment on a forum). So not really for applications that consumers can grant access to their mailbox to.Drupal is one of the leading open source CMSs and is popular with a really large audience ranging from technically savvy consumers all the way through to enterprise organisations (e.g. https://www.whitehouse.gov/ runs on Drupal). While it is comparably easier to set up a Wordpress site, Drupal is more flexible. It's with this flexibility in mind that we built the Context.IO module.  
 IGofer is an intermediary between clients and skilled and unskilled labour/artisans, so we are the third insured party that provides security and builds trust towards anything our clients wants to do. We are working with an Andela or Uber Onboarding model for staffs which clears doubts and builds trust, technological Advantage, Customer Support, affordable charges not minding the location and a student work scheme that will encourage undergraduate students to work part time as they study, our business model is different because we are using an onboarding recruitment scheme that places a lot of check and entails detailed vetting and monitoring, partnership with credible organisation will help us to build trust and have access to our customers homes and offices. An advantage for the networked artisan services is that it is not just a freelancing platform but it is structured to have a workforce with equal cash flow and jobs among its members and partners. Our roadmap includes integrating USSD, Artificial Intelligence, Virtual Reality and Blockchain Technology to our technical setup. Beyond the technological aspect, offline and mortar shops are also looked at for as many that are not used to its operation. 
  
 Hold down the Control key and run your finger across the keyboard. Watch as the mouse follows your commands. Marvel at the time you saved.Hold down the Shift key and run your finger across the keyboard. Watch as the page scrolls under your command. Marvel at the time you saved.Challenges I ran intoUsing my computer.Accomplishments that I'm proud ofUsing my computer.What I learnedHow to better use my computer. 
  
  
 No matter expert or beginner, XLTools Suite are Excel apps you can actually use daily. Within a single app you get:Calendar - dates editing in Excel made easy. As it always had to be. This useful date picker makes date entry and formatting super simple. Data Cleaning - clean bulk data in a few clicks: redundant spaces, line breaks or non-printing symbols, change text case, etc. Unpivot Table  - redesign crosstab, or 2D tables to a flat list in Excel quickly and accurately. SQL Queries - run SQL queries in Excel and directly against Excel tables: SELECT, JOIN, DISTINCT, GROUP BY, WHERE, SUM, etc. Export to CSV  - convert Excel tables or selected ranges to plain text CSV with custom delimiter and without closing the primary Excel file. Columns Match - match columns against each other or benchmarks and calculate the exact match percentage. Creation of XLTools Suite is truly beneficial for end-users. Instead of adding each app separately, the entire set is added at once, and all tools are readily available from one tab. As developers of productivity apps, we appreciate every possibility to reduce the number of steps required from the end user. We believe productivity begins with the inner drive to do every little thing just a bit easier!How to try itWhile XLTools Suite is under review and not yet available in the AppSource, you can try it as a side loaded add-in. Here is what you need to do:Download and save XLTools Suite Manifest fileLog in to your Office365 account: https://portal.office.comOpen Excel Online and create a new document or download our sample documentOn the Excel ribbon go to Insert -> Office Add-ins -> Click Upload My Add-in (right top corner) -> Select XLTools Suite Manifest file and click "Upload"Now you should see new "XLTools" tab on you Excel ribbon. Enjoy!Note: Due to limitations of the current API (read the next section) the "Calendar" button will not insert the calendar pane itself yet, it will open the calendar app page on AppSource instead.Challenges we ran intoWhile add-in commands support task pane apps, they do not yet support content pane apps yet.What's next for XLTools SuiteWe have submitted XLTools Suite to AppSource and waiting for it to be publishedWe will continue to migrate most successful tools from our VSTO add-in to XLTools SuiteWe would like to improve our marketing and sales in corporate sector, we hope Hack Productivity 3 and Microsoft can help us with itBuilt Withazurecsshtml5javascriptoffice-js-apioffice-ui-fabricoffice365resttypescriptTry it outgoo.gl      Submitted to    Hack Productivity 3Winner                Best Office 365 Add-in                  Created by  I worked on the script for the promo video and some of the materials for the submission.Maria BalobanovaI helped to develop UI for Mac version. Also added new functionality for the official xltools.net site.Vlad SereginI worked on the idea itself, architecture and the add-in development. I also did promo video and some of the materials for the submission.Peter LiapinA pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty. — Winston Churchill 
 Automation for JIRA allows any project admin to create powerful automation rules in their project with ease.  At its heart is a simple rule builder that allows users to specify triggers, conditions and actions.  Triggers control when an automation rule begins - they can react to issue events or be scheduled. With conditions project admins can customise rules to only run for issues they care about.  Finally actions perform changes in a system, such as editing an issue, creating sub-tasks or sending SMS notifications via Twilio.Users can combine as many conditions and actions as they like.   We provide some pre-defined templates and on-boarding to help you get started, but the power is really with users to combine automation rule components in exciting new ways!We also offer a free 'Lite' version of Automation for JIRA that's limited to 60 rule executions per month so customers can try it out for as long as they like! Upgrades to the paid version will be seamless with all rules still being there after upgrade. 
  
 AgriWave is a software to transform a broad range of industries such as agriculture and logistics to understand data thoroughly for an economic, efficient, and effective agricultural analyses.We utilize FreeWave technologies in developing countries for the agricultural industries. Freewave can be used in developing countries to gather data on the big three crops: soybeans, corn, and wheat. We focus on irrigation water, electrical energy, dissolved salts, and soil reaction in growing these crops. Irrigation is a vital component of agricultural production, particularly in developing countries. With food production increasing in response to the demands of an expanding population and rising prosperity, irrigated agriculture continues to consume and be the largest user of water in all regions of the world. Agriculture accounts for 93% of water consumption worldwide. The agriculture sector is often criticized for high wastage and inefficient use of water at the point of consumption encouraged by subsidized low charges for water use or low energy tariffs for pumping. We need to understand our water usage for economic, environmental, and ethical purposes.Agriculture is an energy-intensive industry. Agriculture requires energy for important input in production, using energy directly as fuel or electricity to operate machinery and equipment, heat or cool buildings, for lighting on the farm, and indirectly in the fertilizers and chemicals produced off the farm. As farm production becomes more mechanized, the agricultural industry requires timenly energy supplies at particular stages of the production cycle to achieve optimum yields. We need to understand our electrical energy usage for maximum economic and environmental benefits.Water used for irrigation can vary greatly in quality depending upon type and quantity of dissolved salts. These salts originate from dissolution or weathering of the rocks and soil and carried with the water to wherever it is used. Salt content increasing causes severe toxicity, restricting crop yield. We need to understand and evaluate water quality related to salinity, water infiltration rate, and toxicity for greatest economic gain.Plants can tolerate a wide pH range in solution culture, but they cannot tolerate a wide range of acidity in the soil. Soil acidity is volatile and often changes, in turn changing the solubility of a number of metal ions. Plant growth is reliant on these varying concentrations of metals in solution rather than the acidity itself. The aim in managing soil pH is not to achieve a particular pH value, but to adjust the acidity to the point where there are no toxic metals in solution and the availability of nutrients is at its maximum. We need to understand the soil reaction and pH level for maximum economic gain.The weight of crops are important not only to see the growth but also to detect unwanted objects. Being able to sense the weight of a part of crop field and seeing a spike in weight is a sign of potential trespassing and vandalism, an all too common issue in the agricultural industry. We need to see the weight of crops not only for economic gain but for vandalism purposes as well to ensure security and safety of the agricultural industry. 
  
  
 Empathy Match allows you to share your emotions and personal experience. With our painstakingly self-created empathy algorithm that not only reads, but FEELS your entry, we will find you someone who understands you.  
  
 DevScout is the first ever platform for the developers to get social and find out the community of developers in and around the place where he is. Asking for help from the experts around the developers locality is a much easier, faster and reliable. Solving problems and socializing (without leaving your love) with developers is what devScout helps you with. 
  
  
  
  Menuer would allow users to take a photo of the menu they are trying to understand, then select the specific entree name they are looking for, and search on Microsoft Bing Image. And it would display a picture of the top-ranked result.It works with all kinds of food around the world, as long as the food name is presented in Alphabetic letters. 
 Found is a webapp that allows people to do two things.  A family with a lost loved one can upload pictures of that person along with some basic information about the person as well as contact info.  This will train the Clarifai API to memorize who that person is and if a match is found, an email can be sent to the family with the whereabouts and status of the loved one.  Someone who is working at finding and identifying rescued people can take pictures of them and upload it to the web as well.  This will help train the Clarifai API again and then if a match is made, email out to the family concerning the match.  Since both parties will usually not upload them at the same time, one side will upload first to train the program while the other uploads in hopes of a match.  Each party's respective location/contact information will be logged as well so they can be notified asap. 
 It checks that addressee of an email match the recipient. It warns if you reply to yourself, send to many recipients( 'reply all' potential hazard) or about to send to the wrong recipient.  
  
  
 Android App  that uses google maps to save the pilgrims lives ،easy to use and timeless way. 
  
 To point out a problem is important but solving the problem is much more important. The application and website teaches the fundamental of the major regional language in Nigeria. We plan to use three major regional language as a case study by teaching the fundamentals of this languages which include the letters, numbers 1-100, phrases, frequently used words, vocabularies e.t.c. which will make every individual making use of this application or visit the website learn the basics of the regional language of his or her choice within limited time. A text to speech application that converts text to speech upon a button click is also included to makes learning fun although the conversion is currently to English language which happen to be the official language generally adopted in Nigeria 
  
  
 A mobile application guides you through a number of flashcards with a predefined number of skills, automatically extracted one-word keywords written in your native language, or emojis. Every swipe (“this sounds OK to me!” or "Nope" encoded with emoji) updates your internal profile and helps us find a suitable job in the database. You can also unlock new jobs by taking educational courses. This is suggested right away when applicable. For instance, if you say you don't speak Finnish, language courses flashcard will follow.Once a list of suitable job listings is created, it is shown on the screen with the details needed (location, part-time/full-time, salary, etc.). You can then apply for a job or carry on the search.The search is not limited, so, let's say a Finnish speaking software engineer can also find a job through the app.The app is backed with a web service which was also developed during the hackathon. 
 Our app is being built with one thing in mind, making life of passengers and taxi drivers as easy as it can be, so we went from giving passengers the ability to order a taxi with just a few clicks anytime, everywhere they are, to actually start saving money and taking cost efficient rides by either joining other people's ride or create their own and share it with other people to join.In the other hand, the driver has pretty much the same benefits, saving time by taking scheduled rides with just a few clicks without the hassle of phone calls and picking up passengers that already exist in the current zone, without forgetting the possibility of the system making you more money doing just that.All of this is backed up with an inner rating system for passengers and drivers to make sure you are in safe hands by having the ability to check someone's reputation.How i built itWe build it with the Ionic framework, it's a front-end SDK for building cross-platform mobile apps, which means that this app can be run on android as well as ios phones, Ionic also provides a platform for integrating services like push notifications and analytics. I chose to use NoSql with Mongodb server in order to get queries as fast as possible, and i'm using Node.js on the server side of the application, which can support an incredible number of network communication synchronously.Challenges i ran intoThe features that we had in mind to implement is numbered in comparison with the time we had in hands.Testing the app looking for bugs took a lot of time than expected.Fitting a well demonstrative script of quite a lot features in less than 5 min in a video was a bit challenging for us.Accomplishments that i'm proud ofThis is our first competition, so we were really excited about it and we're really proud of our accomplishment because in any case, we'd always feel that we actually tried to make somebody's life out there easier and that feeling for us is priceless.What i learnedWe learned that a lot of things can seem easy to implement but it takes up a lot of your time and energy, so you need to have some risk management for your project to deliver it in due time without having a negative impact on quality work, we also learned some stress controlling techniques that we enforced our bodies and mind to apply due having tons of work to do in the development period as 1 person as full stack developer and 1 person as a professional digital marketer and designer.Whats next for Ford Code for TaxiCabs Mobility Challenge:We are really excited and looking forward to get more engaged in the upcoming challenges and we sincerely thank everyone that put any kind of work in this to make it happen.Built Withionicnode.jsTry it outplay.google.complay.google.com      Submitted to    Ford Code for Taxicabs Mobility ChallengeWinner                SUPINFO Scholarship Award                  Created by  I worked in the back-end using nodejs, and in the front-end with angularjs and the Ionic framework, it was my first time using Ionic, which was a little intimidating, but I learned a TON about mobile developement.Abdelhakim LahrachA highly motivated and hard-working individual. I like working on scalability, performance, and great infrastructures.I worked in branding which includes designing some parts of the app and writing/producing the demonstrative video as well as making sure the user experience is top notch. Abderrahim Lahrach 
 Solves cubes autonomously.How We built itHundreds of hours of Solidworks, Python, Arduino, gluing, and staring at a 3D printer extruder.Other than the previously mentioned Pi and Arudino and glue, we also used 9 servo motors (RIP 1 servo motor due to incorrect wiring), duct tape, tears, and PLA. Other tools used but not included were scissors and a file. The file proved to be very useful due to our subpar 3D printer. The programming was done in C, Python, and the Arduino IDE. Basically what happens is Python is used to determine the colors of the cube using OpenCV, a C program solves the cube using Kociemba's Algorithm, and a Python program converts the output of the C program to an optimized move order specific to our hardware. The move sequence is then passed  to the Arduino, which assigns servo rotation sequences to each move, does a bit of turning, and solves the cube.The C implementation of the Kociemba Algorithm was primarily acquired from online sources however a few modifications were added to fit our design.Challenges We ran intoIn order to minimize volume, we made all the hardware as compact as possible. This required extensive thought when designing 3D printed components in Solidworks, and it became especially difficult when optimizing camera position. In order to have the device wireless and completely self contained, we utilized a Raspberry Pi camera, which unfortunately has a field of view of less than 50 degrees. In order to scan an entire side of the cube, the camera had to be mounted in a hole drilled beneath the cube with special lighting surrounding it. Additionally, software modification was necessary to slightly shift the cube in order to accurately view all nine cubelets. Also, our 3D printer was, you could say, not good. Printing parts took many many attempts and many, many hours. In the end, however, it seems like it works. Thank you super glue.What we are proud ofWe are very proud of CubeBot's small figure, minimal cost, and ability to solve a cube quickly. The entire project cost around $150, while starter Lego Mindstorm kits start at $400. And our best analysis and solve time is 35s.What We learnedPrototyping hardware projects requires a lot of time, especially when 3D printed components are utilized. The 3D printed components were critical for this project, however, in order to make custom fitting components. Also, before this, we did not have much experience with OpenCV, so that was fun.What's next for CubeBotCubeBot now lives on a shelf and has a dim future. He hopes to run for president one day.Built With3dprintingarduinopythonraspberry-pisolidworks    Created by  Jake MessnerECE Major at Northeastern University Chenyang LiuComputer Engineering Student at Northeastern University 
 This Bot acts as your personal SharePoint assistant. And it does the access management part in a live fashion. Soon the bot will be able to understand and help you with all the SharePoint related queries and functions like site creation etc.  
 We have built a cloud based IoT platform which provides a fully customisable plug and play solution for makers and hackers to create dashboards and interaction tools for their hardware projects. Now anyone can build a web front end for their electronics project and see data being collected and displayed in real time thanks to the magic of Meteor. No longer will you need to learn about web development, frameworks and methodologies or spend money hiring other people with this knowledge to finish your IoT projects. With a flexible web front end widget based GUI tool anyone can build their own layer of data visualisation and manipulation to their clients and customers. In addition this app provides a great way to prototype, inspect and debug any and all kinds of data being collected from all types of IoT devices. 
 ThermaMatch provides medical professionals and patients alike to track and analyse their recovery progress with regards to nerve and muscle tissue injuries 
  
 It recognizes and blocks not only abusive words but indirectly offensive phrases using the might of machine learning. 
 The web chat control can be embedded into any web site, with a few lines of JavaScript. Once the customer visiting the web site opens the chat they are asked for their name and email. When the customer ask a question in the chat a new thread is created in a preconfigured Microsoft Teams channel. Any reply in this thread to the bot, will be received in the web chat on the web page, and any further questions/comments by the customer is posted to the thread keeping the conversation in one place. This allows the customer to chat in real time with a customer service representative sitting in Microsoft Teams.  
 ShortStock essentially creates a customized news feed of investing-relevant developments surrounding a company to best support an individual investor. Its web interface takes a company ticker as input and passes it through Google News API to find recent articles. The code help scrape news reports into lists of important phrases, then compared to a keyword database to find most relevant tags/categories for each article. These tags are subsequently inputted into our machine learning algorithm which uses previous data sets to determine whether the investor is likely to find the article relevant (and hence must be displayed) or not. Quick summaries and URLs of the relevant chosen articles are then based back to the investor on the webpage. Each article is accompanied by radio buttons for the investor to determine helpful/ not helpful which then updates the ML algorithm's training set for more optimized future results.  
  By navigating on the UW-Madison campus map, you can play four different interesting games. Scenes include the lounge of the student's dorm, picnic point, Rheta's market, and Natatorium. 
  
 Helps CIOs And CTOs to discuss plans over interactive platform.Complete social media tool for content sharing.Canvas for Idea exchange.FAST ACCESS:-Text Recognition and Augmented Reality enabled for Articles reading (Video Streaming in real time), their Author's social media profiles.Chat and video call for C-suite holders.Social Media engagement. 
 Send alert to others cyclists. When you send the alert, you can activate the ALERT MODE and the cyclists can subscribe to your alert for help you out, the subscribers can see your position in the map and get push notification updates for the alert.Add, filter and get points of interest for cyclist in a radius.Get PUSH NOTIFICATIONS with special discounts when you arrive by bike.Add, delete and get reminders, when the conditions of the reminder are satisfied you can receive a NOTIFICATION. 
  
  
  
 Series of models to detect tampering of data 
 The application has the following features:Sends the emergency alert to selected contacts with exact coordinates and complete address.Sends the emergency alert to all saved contacts with exact coordinates and complete address.Locates all the nearby hospital and starts the navigation on one click in case of emergency.Locates all the nearby car repair shops and starts the navigation on one click in case of emergency.Contacts the Hospital on one click.Contacts the Police on one click.The last and the most important feature of this application is, in case of major accident in the vehicle when the user     cannot access the android application, we have used an piezo-electric sensor which calculates the frequency of accident and sends the emergency alert with exact coordinates and complete address to the emergency contacts saved in the device.Automatically connects to wifi as soon as we start moving in a vehicle. 
 Helpies is a chatbot and web platform that help members connect around volunteer help.  
 Users can download and launch the app which will be available on the Google Play Store and the Apple App Store. The app presents an augmented reality interface and projects a window into the solar system using the rear camera of the device. The skill then interfaces with this app and allows users to ask questions about the planet they are looking at, including its distance to the sun, some brief information about the planet, and more interesting details.  
 Planet Ally, in its first iteration, is a mobile friendly website, that focuses on travel and the LGBTIQ, with a particular focus on allyship and solidarity. Planet Ally empowers LGBTIQ and allies to make informed travel decisions. It arms travellers with the information they need to make decisions that are right for them based on their own views and values. On each destination page Planet Ally currently offers: A series of #knowbeforeyougo alerts (both progressive and regressive, where applicable) to inform users on current and important information pertaining to laws, medical, social, community, or work-related issues. (Static at the moment, but will build interactivity – news feed, links to social media, links to Embassy information, etc.) Short curated videos on important travel-related issues when considering that destination. Real-time geo-location information (only LA version currently functioning), leveraging data from Grindr and Refuge Restroom, to assist LGBTIQ travellers looking for friendly spaces and restrooms.  
 Skinalytics is a Snap N Diagnose solution that can identify over 30 common skin diseases (including STDs) through the use of deep learning. Users can access our service from both a web app and facebook messenger. How it was builtTo achieve this feat was a 3 step process.1) We first scraped 15000 images, feature engineered by hand, and preprocessed to obtain a total of over 60000 images.2) We researched and developed a customised Covolutional Neural Network for this task alone, and repeatedly tuned the network to ensure maximum accuracy3) Finally, we developed both a webapp and a facebook messenger bot for user accessibility.Challenges we metGetting quality images to better improve accuracy Fine tuning the model to ensure high testing data accuracy What's next for SkinalyticsImproving functionality by incorporating additional features like severity analysis, automated appointment booking and recognizing how the disease affects different areas of the bodyBuilt Withconvolutional-neural-networksdeep-learningfacebook-messengerflaskjavascriptjquerypythontensorflowTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    Hack&Roll 2017    Created by  Dion SeowOng Jing YinThiru Kumaran 
 Sidebar and popups ads for your terminal! You won't believe what happens next! 
  
  
  
  
 Empowered by machine learning technology, MONA captures the style (color tone, lighting, brushstrokes, texture, etc.) of fine-art masterpieces and apply the style in your own photos. You can upload your photo to MONA web app and pick up an artist's painting (like VanGogh's Starry Night) and the painting style will be added to your photo.  
 Collect EEG data (i.e. brainwaves) and classify your mental states. One common mental state that is often classified is motor imagery, that is to say imagined motor movements (e.g moving your hand left or right).  By classifying data from the motor cortex we can extract controls to interact with the physical/digital world.Building blocksCloudbrain for the EEG data collection. NuPIC for the EEG data classification. OpenBCI for the EEG data acquisition.InspirationWe built a similar project for the Exploratorium of SF but not with the HTM. We learned from the Exploratorium exhibit that neurofeedback is going to be key for a good user experience in this project. And of course a quality classifier for the temporal data :-)Built WithcloudbrainnupicopenbcipythonTry it outgithub.comcloudbrain.rocks      Submitted to    Numenta HTM Challenge    Created by  Training/UXWilliam WnekowiczPrincipal Engineer @ Kleiner Perkins, Maker, and Private PilotMarion Le BorgnePierre KarashchukAlessio Della MottaJohn Naulty 
  
  
 Quizzes for Confluence allows you to build quizzes right in Confluence and requires no integrations. You get to create assessments and share them with anyone by email, see reports with quiz results and reuse the same questions in different quizzes. 
 Our project will help people with claustrophobic to overcome this situation by virtually experience the MRI scanning procedure. 
 It reduces paper waste, transferring receipts from the useless paper format, to a digital format the user has access to, on a mobile app.  It also helps users keep track of their expenses, get useful suggestions and ultimately make their life users. For the companies, it will help them understand their costumers better, by keeping track of who bought what. In the end, it's a solution that helps the environment, the individual users and the companies, all-in-one. 
  
  
 This add-on allows any user to easily inject an iFrame into any Confluence page, and size it appropriately. 
 We have built an "App Store" for any SMS-capable feature phones. Over this weekend, two of us have built our own real-time web-based IDE, Python-based Core framework and development template that allow developers to easily develop Smartify applications (Python-based) and instantly publish to the app store for anyone to use. These applications all run on the cloud (Microsoft Azure), and communicate with users through SMS, powered by Twilio.IDE features a real-time phone emulator that developers can test their app. All of the applications on App Store are updated real-time and are securely stored/synced with Firebase.Our hack consists of 3 main components:App Store (public app sharing space)IDE + Phone Emulator (full-featured development platform with a phone emulator, realtime-sync, auto-save, syntax highlighting functionalities, and a development template)Smartify Core Framework (controls worker machines in the cloud, provides an abstraction layer for complex network web traffics/SMS communication for developers and users, and serves as a mid-way between the cloud and the users)Tech StackIDE and App Store were built with Node.js, Express.js, Firebase, Microsoft Azure, Jade, SassSmartify Core was built with Node.js, Express.js, Python, Twilio, Firebase, MongoDB (MongoLab), Microsoft AzureChallenges we ran intoMultithreaded Python programmingBuilding a phone emulatorDeveloping our own network protocolEnhancing reliability and data consistencyDesigning with UI with high degree of usabilityWhat I learnedBuilding large scalable systems is hard. Design is hard.What's next for SmartifySecurity, Traffic encryption, Horizontal scalability through automated server provisioning, Redesign to further enhance UI/UX, Full-integration of MMS.Built Withazureexpress.jsfirebasejadejavascriptmongodbnode.jspythonsasstwilioTry it outgithub.comsmartifyapp.co      Submitted to    MHacks 6Winner                2nd Place              Winner                Best Use of Twilio                  Created by  Sean BaeI love building thingsColin King 
  
 We integrated an Ethereum wallet in Brave browser (https://brave.com). All you have to do is install Brave and flip a switch to get a secure, local Ethereum wallet.Features include:1-click wallet creationLaunch the wallet directly from the Brave toolbar1-click shortcut to transfer funds from the ETH wallet into Brave's builtin BAT walletKeys are only stored client-sideUses geth light sync by default, so you're synced in minutes (or even seconds if you're not on the ethdenver wifi).Supports hardware wallets like Ledger and TrezorUses a strict Content-Security-Policy to defend against XSS (no inline scripts except those that are hash-whitelisted, no remote connections except to https://min-api.cryptocompare.com https://mini-api.cryptocompare.com)All open sourceBrave is up-to-date with the latest upstream Chromium release and enables sandboxing on all platformsAutomatically watches BAT token contract 
  
  
 The IoT Device listens for the Wake Word (Lithnet) and takes a spoken query and converts it to text using Azure Cognitive Services, then uses Azure Language Understanding Intelligent Service (LUIS) to identify an Entity (Person) and an Entitlement (e.g. Mailbox, Active Directory). It then queries Microsoft Identity Manager (via Azure API Management and the Lithnet Microsoft Identity Manager REST API Service) to find the queried Entity before finally providing an audio response for the queried entitlement and logging the event into Table Storage and Power BI via Azure IoT Hub. 
  
 Muerteor is a Deadman's Switch. It sends a message for you by e-mail, text, or call if you don't check in for a period of time of your choosing. 
 Upon startup and button click, it finds an open public Wifi Network or mobile hotspot, and sends a stream of photos or videos to a Dropbox account that it is connected with. Even if the hardware is destroyed, the footage is preserved. 
  
 With Project Switcher add-on you can:open a dialog with all projects you have access tohide those projects you don't want to seefind projects by nameuse keyboard navigation to select and open a projectswitch between list and grid projects viewopen switcher dialog with keyboard shortcut (JIRA Server only) 
 EDI Connector within UIPath takes credentials and dates from the user and returns List of invoices with its details. Within the EDI Connector, the following are the 2 major componentsCommunication:  The EDI connector makes a secure connection with the Tangentia Gateway Cloud EDI Portal and then calls a REST API to fetch EDI information. Currently, it calls Tangentia Gateway, but it can integrate with other EDI applications as well. Additionally, it has been tested with IBM Sterling B2B Integrator.Data Transformation: Converts Raw ANSI-X12 EDI to JSON and makes it available to the UIPath data model. 
  
  
 Fyber exchange lets you buy/sell/lend goods using Kyber in any token (For demo we only support limited pairs).Buying User pays for the product through Kyber SwapAfter the payment, buyer can securely send his shipping address to seller using status.imFor proper dispute mechanism (It's still work under progress), we plan to hold funds until product received, allowing user to raise dispute in those cases.Lending is 2 tier process - The buyer sends the required rent to seller.The buyer sends security deposit to compound, the security deposit accures interest.Once, the rental period ends, there can be 2 possible cases The user returns the product - Then we split interest accured to both buyer and seller The user don't returns the product - We liquidate him and seller keeps his deposit plus interest 
 Now nothing because the server stopped working and our app is just an interface. One of us has bad karma. Or all of us. 
  
  
  
 This app provides two tools to aid people in finding an ideal crop.   The 'Crop Selection Tool' allows users to pick a state and compare crops.  After each crop choice the user enters the crop price.  The crops average yield multiplied by this crop price will be used when determining the ideal crop at the end.  When the crops have been selected the user then inputs their irrigation costs.  This info will also be used when determining the ideal crop at the end. The "Crop Detail Tool' allows user to visualize detailed crop data for a chosen state.  Yield and water use data are plotted on a bar graph by year.  The user can drill down into this data by clicking on a line in the graph to get all the details available for the crop.  This includes the number of planted acres, irrigated acres, yield per acre, irrigation source (ground or surface), and amount of irrigation used. 
  
 base on pollution data in past 15 years, we modelled the flow of pollutant with Gaussian dispersion model, assuming that all sample locations is an affected area as well as a source.we used methods such as interpolation and randomized sampling to deduce pollutants that are not recorded in certain areasTo examine up-to-date pollution, we implemented a machine learning algorithm to generate more datapoints, and would also run it through the algorithm to examine its sources. 
 The carbon paste electrodes (CPE) from the study, “Determination of Pb2+ ions by a modified carbon paste electrode based on multi-walled carbon nanotubes (MWCNTs) and nanosilica,” detect Pb2+ ions in an aqueous solution. A voltage is created from this interaction. The NodeMCU circuit measures the amount of voltage from the lead (from a potentiometer in these tests) and prints out the voltage amount every 30 seconds. This data is sent to Adafruit IO but also our website, which can be accessed with Internet connection.The voltage is based on the concentration of lead, so theoretically, the amount of voltage measured can be correlated to how much lead is in the water. The NodeMCU detects the voltage and sends it to the Arduino code sensor. This is sent to a live feed at Adafruit *(link below) and can be accessed from the website (in Github).  
 It makes specific resources and materials available to people in a twinkle of an eye.Can integrate textbooks and handouts inside which reduces the cost of purchases  of these books.It will have a feature whereby people studying the same courses on course land can create a work space for projects and development 
 Sends SOS message to friends/family contacts and also to online data base AutomaticallyIt sends AUTOMATICALLY emergency SMS containing location of the person to 3 contacts that are selected by the user and also send that location and speed at which the person is travelling(GPS Speed) to our Fire-base server. This app also have a button to do the same when help required(just like other panic button apps)Challenges I ran intoBeing a Mechanical Engineer with no software background making an app was the biggest challenge i ran intoAccomplishments that I'm proud ofI have successfully made an app which have the potential to save livesWhat I learnedI got motivated by this hackathon to develop my dream project and as a bi-product i have learned how to make an appWhat's next for HumanoidI am trying to make this app to send a message(location) to a server and after few seconds server send a message(like simple message delivery report) to the mobile -> if the mobile does not respond it should immediately inform medical dept.,police dept. and the mobile owner's family membersBuilt Withmit-app-inventorscratchsdkTry it outdrive.google.com      Submitted to    Go DetroitHack and Roll Indore    Created by  I have created this on my own. I am a Mechanical Engineer so I dont know any thing about coding, I have learned to make an app for this hackathon from youtube videosKondaveeti Mano RajMechanical Engineer and Power ManagerSarat ChandraLadi Selvendhar 
     “Indore Traffic Friend” is one of a kind and unique traffic application build for android smartphones .    “Indore Traffic Friend” shows your current location on map.    or plan your driving route with less traffic areas.    You can also search nearby parking places when you go for marketing or office.    You can also share your current location with your family and friends.    “Indore Traffic Friend” equipped you with latest information on road safety and traffic rules.    You can either read the traffic rules or you can even watch the videos related to traffic rules. 
  
  
  
  
  
 The present Standard for patients Blood Pressure Management is to monitor and record the BP daily reading on a paper log and then brings it in the next follow-up medical appointments. However,these Paper Logs may be dirty, stained with fluid,inconsistent and there is high possibility that the Patients can easily forget it at home and this can delay further treatment options.Patients and BP Medical Monitoring Teams can track the Patients BP readings statistically via Column Chart distribution analysis.Blood Pressure App is an app that empowers patients to detect and record when they are having High Blood Pressure(HBP), Low Blood Pressure(LBP) or Normal Blood pressure(NBP) and send reports immediately to their Blood Pressure Medical Team for immediate actions, not just when they have a scheduled medical appointment.Blood Pressure values ranges can be found from this link belowhttp://www.webmd.com/hypertension-high-blood-pressure/guide/diastolic-and-systolic-blood-pressure-know-your-numbers#1Platform of AvailabilityAndroid, Web & Mobile Web.Apps Screenshots Scenario and UseabilityThe Screenshot below show the Apps Landing PageThe Screenshot Below show Users making registrations from within the appThe Screenshot Below show Users  Uploading His Profile Pictures,br>The Screenshot Below show Users login into the appThe Screenshot Below show Users entering her Bloop Pressure Data for AnalysisThe Screenshot Below show Users show Users historical Data Over time..The Screenshot Below show Users Statistical Data over time via Column Chart Distribution Analysis.The Screenshot Below show Users sending her BP Data to her Registered Doctor or BP Monitoring Team over SMS within the App.The Screenshot Below show Doctors Accessing his/her office to Attend to Users/Patients BP Historical Data within his Office AppThe Screenshot Below show Doctors Accessing his/her Users/Patients BP  Data within his officeHow to test the Demo....I Just created one account but you can create as many as possibleUsername: testpassword: testFirst Signup within the app either from the Mobile web or from the android version. The app will request that you upload your profile Picture, and login.  on the Landing Page, you are presented with 4 ComponentsReading Components: Allows the User to Enter her BP data as obtained from the BP Analytical Machines. The App compares and analyzed the data inputted to detect if the BP data entered is accurate or not based on BP Medical Data ranges as proposed by Medical Expert. Please check this Link for BP Chart Ranges http://www.webmd.com/hypertension-high-blood-pressure/guide/diastolic-and-systolic-blood-pressure-know-your-numbers#1.Based on the Inputed data, the app automatically alert the User on timely basis about her BP conditions by tell him/her if they are having High Blood Pressure(HBP), Low Blood Pressure(LBP), Normal Blood Pressure(NBP) etc.,Historical Components: Allows the User to view her BP historical Data Overtime. User can always click on Refresh Records to See New Updates .Statistical Components: Allows the User to view her BP historical Statistical Data Overtime. User can always click on Refresh Graph Records to See New Statistical Updates via Column Chart Distribution Analysis .Reports Components: Allows the User/Patients to send her BP historical Data Overtime. to her Doctor/BP monitoring Team. Doctors are notified of the reports sent to their office within the app via SMS alerts Office Components: Office is for Doctors use only. it allows the Doctors/BP monitoring Team to view and Access BP historical Data of their respective patients overtime rather than bring in a paper-log of BP data. Doctor after accessing the BP data will now profound solution on the next line of treatment option in curing BP illness from the Patients. Doctors can then send a remarkable solution back to her Patients in HIPPA Compliancy manner via SMS.. Try it outbenjarsoft.com      Submitted to    Make School's Student App Competition 2017Winner                10 Upvote Prize                  Created by  Fredrick EsedoCrazy Programmer on Linux, Solaris, React, Java, Php, coldfusion, NodeJs, Socket.Io, AngularJs, Mysql and Oracle Database AdminEsedo Justina NgoziStudent and an Idea solver 
  
 This smart life jacket houses various sensors to track and transmit various parameters.This jacket consists  of  pulse sensor that is used to track the Heart rate of the victim in BPMA GPS module is also fitted in the jacket which acquires the GPS coordinates and transmits themA GSM module is provided which transmits the data to the concerned authority through mobile phone over GSM networkAll these modules are interfaced with an ARDUINO 101 board which fetches the data from sensors, analyze  them and sends it.  
 The skill is comprised of 10 questions, these questions and answers are dynamically made from a GIT repository holding all the sounds and a JSON file referencing these files. Each question will play a random sound and will say three answers, whereby one of these answers are correct. The user will answer the question and the app will respond if the answer was correct or incorrect, the skill will also create a card detailing the correct answer to the Alexa application. In total the skill at the moment has 52 animal sounds. 
 Raydar leverages bleeding-edge data analysis and trend identification technologies to increase your visibility over the entire supply chain.Assess relationships between all players within a complex supply chain network.Intuitively identify emerging risks and take proactive steps to manage your risk exposure.FeaturesIdentify n-th degree associationsRisk rating of each network nodeHighlight top risks and their associations 
 The Reader for Confluence add-on gives you the ability to activate a special reading mode in any Confluence page. That relayouts your page and makes it easier on the eyes.You can configure the layout of the page on the fly. The add-on enables you to:Change the overall theme (light, sepia and dark mode)Adjust the line width and line spacingChoose from a variety of beautiful fontsChallenges we ran intoWe fought a little with the JavaScript and CSS Confluence ships with. But overall it was very smooth sailing.What's next for Reader for ConfluenceWe plan on gathering customer feedback internally as well as externally and want expand the functionality from there.Built Withatlassian-plugin-sdkjavascriptreactTry it outmarketplace.atlassian.com      Submitted to    Atlassian Codegeist 2017    Created by  I (as the new product manager) am very proud of the team and how much they accomplished in such a small amount of time (barely a week).Jens BeckerLukas KorteTim Kolberger 
 Creates a digital, more efficient way of tabulating individual scores of participants in archery competitions. 
 A user identifies himself with an RFID tag and the application uses facial recognition to verify that you are the user. Using Google Text to Speech it tells the user the balance of their cryptocurrency and if it is positive or negative sentiment. The application will text the user a pin code, that the user can type into the keypad to also access their information.  
  
  
 It's a simple idea of p2p borrowing and lending made simpler. The only thing I changed about borrowing and lending is everything. It gives you two option, create a borrower or investor. Investors can directly register and go to a page where they can see offers and invest on them. Borrower needs to add a bit more information so we can validate them by using their picture and ID and then allowing them to start borrowing. Money is moved directly from the lender to receiver, Money Match just keeps track and connects them together. If there is a agreement on investment, investor receives information about borrower so then can keep in touch regarding money, it's more open in terms of borrowing and lending. You never know people might find love through the application as well! 
  
  
 TextFLIX lets you watch Netflix in your text editor or terminal. It's perfect for elitist sysadmins and GUI-haters everywhere.  
  
 SympMD is your daily mobile health symptoms checker. By just taking a selfie, the app will able to provide all possible symptoms based on the generated age and gender from azure cognitive computer vision service. From the selected symptoms, it will able to provide you all possible health conditions that may you currently experience. Also, it will able to provide you all the know-hows about your selected health condition. Also, it has a "Discover Alternative Medicine" feature wherein you could discover different medicinal usage of some plants/herbs by just uploading a picture of it.  
  
 You play in a 2D map against other players. Trash cans are randomly spawned and you can push them into other players. You get points when hitting others. 
 iTrack is able to locate lost or stolen laptops via installation points using monitoring mode of a WiFi card. It will track the hidden WiFi card that can be installed into the laptops. In this hackathon, we are using a WiFi dongle instead due to constraints. 
 Dealing with aggressive callers who won't take no for an answer? Transfer them to Stop calling me pls. That's it! Stewie will tell them they suck and hang up. Is it overkill & kind of mean? Perhaps, but so is calling twice a day all week and refusing to take us off your list. 
 We developed a system that uses iBeacon technology (Bluetooth 4.0 + Raspberry Pi's) to allow for an IPS (Indoor Positioning System) to be used throughout school. Sure the technology exists but it stumped us as to why we hadn't seen anyone doing what we aim to do.  Due to time constraints with such a huge vision, we focused on three points in the Student Union for this weekend. The first feature we thought would have a big impact on the student body is automating the textbook system. The vision is, iBeacons are placed at the front of the Bookstore. UAccess is fully integrated   is the main hub for students and textbooks there When a student walks by, they are picked up by the beacon and are sent a notification that asks if they'd like to reserve their textbooks. Their textbook lists are then accessed and pulled from the UAccess database and   The students then select the textbooks he/she wants and that is then sent downstairs via a request on internal computers to begin the process of pulling the books. The user is sent a time as to how long it will take (calculated based on how many reservations) and they can then use the indoor mapping system to locate supplies or apparel they may need which can help cut the time and keep it as consistent as possible. The second space we planned for was the good ol' classroom. The student walks through a beacon outfitted class and is checked in for their attendance. The professor can then check the attendance to double check, just in case someone does not have a smartphone. The app, now being recognized as in a classroom, shifts to 3 options. Attendance, an app wide UAccess tab, and now a clicker integrated into it. No need to spend $100 on a dinky clicker!!!! If a student who is not registered for that class walks in, they will receive a notification they are in the wrong room and have the option of being routed in the case of them getting lost. The teacher is also notified of the student for safety purposes as well as academic integrity purposes. The third is an option for a map that will be on every "live-page" What I mean by this is since the beacons have amazing accuracy, when you are near Mckale Center the U of A app will have its app wide features as well as some that are only available by Mckale. This includes taking the classes option, moving it to a non central-focused space and replace it with a news and tickets interface. The map is the main hub for this school and this experience. This is just a sliver of the amazing concepts our group has come up with in just 36 hours.  
  
  
 Our application allows us to portray a child's hospital stay in a unique story, while simultaneously informing the parents about all necessities and the status of the treatment.Parents and children are able to login into different views, using the child's unique patient ID.Child's view: The child receives a virtual guide through his journey, mapping the upcoming treatment steps to a fun storyline. By integrating the hospital's environment and equipment, the child looses its fear of upcoming procedures. An avatar accompanies the child on his journey and explains every step in a simple and visual manner.Parents' view: By including the GE Opera API, parents receive live updates about the treatment progress and scheduled examinations.Furthermore, parents have a dashboard, allowing them to support the child during the whole affair, as well as being prepared for all eventualities.In stress situations, things tend to get overlooked. By providing extensive checklists, the parents are able to focus on more important aspects. 
  
  
  
  
 "Teach me Tables" is an Alexa Skill that helps kids learn and memorize math tables in an interactive, visually appealing and fun way. It starts out by asking which table kids like to learn. It then displays and recites the first five items from that table. It will ask the user to memorize them and once they are ready, it tests their memory with a short quiz. It congratulates kids using funny voices when they get it right, and when they get it wrong, it makes funny sounds and tells them the correct answer.For every correct answer, it assigns 10 points and the score is tracked throughout the session to keep kids engaged. Once the first half of the table is completed, it then goes on to teach  the rest of the table using similar techniques. This skill is developed based on a real life, proven teaching techniques used to teach kids master their math times tables. 
 mark allows users to experience art pieces based on their current location. The app loads different marks based on the users location, and lets users see the unique pieces in their area. Through simple motions, the users are able to place spherical nodes anywhere in the world, and send these nodes to be shared with the world forever.How it's builtBuilt entirely with Apple's AR Kit and Google's Firebase, this project utilizes ARKit with SceneKit to render the environment. Marks are sent from our application to the database with the press of a button.We used Swift, AR Kit, and Google's FirebaseChallenges we ran intoOriginally at the start of the hackathon, our team was set on creating an AR app using the Unity platform. We attempted to use technologies on Unity such as Vuforia and Mapbox in order to create an AR camera and to keep track of location. However, after 15 hours of hard work and setting up almost every component of the project including database set up and UI, we failed to make progress towards to the core idea of our project - the ability to stick marks to a geographic location. As a result, we scrapped what we had done on Unity and decided to just use Swift to perform what we needed instead. After making the decision to switch to Swift, we encountered many other challenges as well. One main issue was figuring out how we wanted to store our data. In our application, marks were sets of 3D colored spheres which were too large to store into a database. Therefore, we had to spend a long time making design decisions, because we wanted to keep efficiency and scalability in mind to make it easy to scale the product. For example, some troubling decisions included deciding what properties to store for each mark the user creates and within each mark, how the structure of the data should look.Another big challenge was that the hackathon room itself had no GPS signal. This made testing difficult, since one of the main features we wanted to implement was how a user could only see a mark if the mark is near them. In addition to frequently going outside of the main room to perform tests, we also had to figure out a way such that marks are presented locally so that it is demoable.Unity gave us a hard time before we had to switch to SwiftAccomplishments that we're proud ofWe're proud of the fact that despite the number of difficulties that we ran into, we didn't give up. We realized that the idea was borderline impossible for us to finish in time with Unity by Saturday evening. Despite the limited time remaining, instead of calling it quits, we completely switched technologies and started on a new application. Two hours later, Ronak managed to put together a prototype despite having no previous experience with AR Kit. We all hopped onto the application and continued from there.What we learnedWe all learned new technologies. Most of us hadn't worked with augmented reality prior to this hackathon. For those that did, we still treaded with new ground as we went through and implemented augmented reality with three different technologies. Even though we failed with Unity, we all learned quite a lot in order to get a basic application running. Once we switched over to using Xcode, most of us also learned to use Swift for the first time.We also learned the importance of hacking until the very end. We ran through countless errors with Unity and design problems with Swift. It didn't change the fact that we kept pushing through the process and continued to code.What's next for markWe plan to submit to the app store, fingers crossed it'll be approved within the week.We also have a plan to monetize the app, modeled heavily after Snapchat's Model. By default, all graffiti will only be shared with your friends (which can be manually added through the app). However, companies can sponsor in app landmarks to appear in certain locations, where we can thus charge them based on time. They can import any sort of 3D STL file to give them more options.Additionally, any user using the app can share their graffiti with the whole world (for that location) for the following prices$0.99 -> Public, Accessible for a Week$1.99 -> Public, Accessible for a Month$9.99 -> Public, Accessible for a YearWe're excited by this product, and are interested to see where it goes!Built WitharkitswiftTry it outmarkshare.techgithub.com      Submitted to    HackUCI 2019Winner                Most Polished Devpost Submission                  Created by  I came up with the idea for the application and developed parts of it on Unity using technologies such as Vuforia and Mapbox. I ended up finding that Vuforia is difficult to use for markerless augmented reality whereas Mapbox was difficult to use in general, especially in a scenario where we had limited access to GPS.Antony NguyenI also helped come up with the idea with Antony. I built the entire Swift MVP, built the ARKit Core part of the project, Structured the Firebase Database, Created the Website, Implemented Geolocation, and also worked with Unity a bit in the earlier phase of the project. Decided to use iOS after Unity was causing issues to great success.Had a great time mentoring @Daniel and @Nathan, they picked up Swift very fast and they helped me devise a way to implement geolocation.Ronak ShahLife's more interesting when you do thingsAt first, I developed a working front end for a Unity mobile application that spans through multiple scenes and integrates webcams. When we moved our project from Unity to Swift, I helped Daniel with basic geolocation and color integration, as well as modifying the Firebase database to store more relevant information about the marks. Overall, I learned a lot about iOS app development and had an amazing time!Yiming ZhaoI worked on setting up the algorithm for spawning specific marks based on a location's longitude & latitude. I also worked on some UI by creating a color slider to change the color of a node drawn. This was my first time using Swift so learning a new language was definitely a challenge but I learned a lot about iPhone app development through this experience.Daniel Truong 
 Watch a video with Emocean and get an in depth analysis of your mood as you watch videos. Emocean is a mood tracker and emotion analysis tool that provides users with a summary of their moods throughout videos. After watching a video, users can look through the data and user-friendly charts to help them pick up what factors boost their mental health and which ones harm it. 
 This project shows that even through the whitelisting of specific applications do not effectively restrict one's Internet access, as one can, just as in our project, make use of high data traffic applications and websites in order to improve their Internet access to lower data traffic ones. 
  
 Comala Approvals assist users to maintain the expected quality and relevance of your Confluence documents with reviews and approvals. It allows you to assign approvers, check the approval status of your spaces and get approvals notifications directly in your team's HipChat room. Include one or more reviewers to sign off on contentDefine approvals and reviewers on a per page basisManage your documentation stagesGet approval notifications in HipChatReview the approval status of your pages 
 It remind the patient to take medicine on time and if patient not take medicine on time then it will send the message to the care taker.How we made itwe put the reed switch in seven gate of medicine box and paste a small magnet inside the chamber on side wall of the chamber. After this we connect LED on outside the chamber and connect all LED to Decoder circuit by using (74LS138 IC) and all reed switch to Encoder circuit by using (HD74LS148 IC)  and then output/ input of IC’s connected to ARDUINO 101 Digital pins. We connect SD card Module with ARDUINO 101.We establish I2C communication between ARDUINO 101 AND ARDUINO UNO. We connect  GSM 800 Module with ARDUINO UNO.Challenges we ran outFirst challenge we faced, store the received medicine time with GSM 800 Module in variable for comparing this time with RTC module (DS3231).Second challenge we faced, Connect RTC Module (DS3231) with ARDUINO 101 error is occur in the header file .Third challenge we faced, Making an UART Communication between GSM 800 Module and ARDUINO 101.Fourth Challenge we faced, Making an communication with ARDUINO 101 AND ARDUINO UNO via UART Communication.   ## Accomplishments that I’m proud of This challenges increases our knowledge and skills to make a new & better project.   ## What I learnedLearn about I2C communication its protocol , its programming in ARDUINO, its working etc. Also learn how we built better project in less time.   ## What’s next for Intelligent Medicine Dispensary  Remove the SD Card from our System.Make an android application for giving mobile number and medicine time. Make it more efficiency and easily usable. Built Witharduinoarduino-unoarduino101cppgsm800ledreed-switch      Submitted to    Intel Hacks 2017    Created by  Coding of whole systemI2c communication codingPrateek AgrawalSD Card module interfacingPCB designScreen CastingDevashish Mali 
 DreamForce enables companies to obtain reputable liquid workforce through a fully automated and secure talent matching system with our DreamForce Compass. Our liquid workforce comprises of talents from more than 200 accredited SMPs.Using our predictive analytics tool, the DreamForce Compass will recommend the optimal workforce mix instantly to optimise cost-savings with ideal workforce breakdown, the optimal hourly rate, and the list of roles required to fill the project that a project manager would otherwise spend hours working on.Here is where things are different with DreamForce, with our powerful blockchain technology, No longer have to worry about an idling workforceEngage the professional audit services from participants within the network on a plug-and-play basisTransform your organization's cost behavior by leasing out excess internal resources Restrict access to sensitive client work files on a need-to-know project basisReduce fraud risks by making entries on the blockchain immutableChallenges we ran intoDisrupting a traditional industry was never going to be easy. The main blockers we faced revolved during the idea generation phase, where we were trying to formulate new ideas that could revolutionise the accounting industry while staying within scope.Accomplishments that we're proud ofIn just a short span of 48 hours, we were able to deliver an end-to-end working prototype that sits on multiple platforms to solve a problem that can reduce inefficiency. This would not have been possible without the strong team work and trust we had amongst one another. What we learnedFrom this, we really learned that there is no "I in Team". The deliverables would definitely not been materialised if we did not rely on each other's expertise to resolve any barriers that each one of us faced. We also gained a deeper understanding into the complexities of how an accounting firm is being run as well as the dynamics of audit engagements.What's next for DreamForce - Future of Workforce Powered by BlockChainThe DreamForce roadmap includes an integration with Corsera, transacting professional audit services with cryptocurrency, and a hybrid mobile app that allows project managers to utilise Dreamforce on-the-go.Built Withalexaamazon-alexaamazon-web-servicesangular.jsblockchainhyperledgernode.js      Submitted to    Accounting Innovation Challenge 2018    Created by  UI/UX Design for DreamForce PlatformStewart HuangI worked on creating the data visualization for project resource allocationLee Zhen JieI coded the Amazon Alexa.Kenneth PhooiI worked on the ui which integrates the blockchainShengjiazhixuan312 
  
 Meggie take care of you !Basically, you get a virtual social life (barely) so Concordia students won't have a chance to post memes about how lonely is McGill, cool right ? 
 This plugin generates a JIRA Server plugin from a provided Atlassian Connect add-on's descriptor and other information including package name and artifact name. The newly generated plugin will communicate with the remote server just the same way as the Atlassian Connect add-on, and will provide the same JavaScript and REST API facilities in order to minimize the amount of adjustment on the remote server's source code.How to use itWe knew about this hackathon three weeks ago, and did not make enough time to register our plugins to Atlassian Marketplace. We provide several alternative ways for you to try out this plugin:JIRA Server plugin:https://github.com/minhhai2209/jira-plugin-generator/blob/master/jira-generator-server-plugin-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar?raw=trueOr you can just go right here and generate your plugin:http://jira-plugin-generator.tk/generateSample Atlassian Connect add-on for you to try the generator:http://jira-plugin-generator.tk:8080/hw/jsonNoticeWe include a request parameter pp (plugin path, that is <group_id>-<artifact_id>) in all callback URL. The base URL for all requests became xdm_e + cp + pp. Hence,Atlassian Connect add-on REST's base URL https://company.atlassian.net/rest/api/2/<resource> becomes https://company.com/plugins/servlet/plugin_path/rest-proxy/rest/api/2/<resource>.Atlassian Connect add-on JavaScript URL https://company.atlassian.net/atlassian-connect/all.js becomes https://company.com/plugin_path/all.js.LimitationsFor web fragments, we only support Web Item, Web Panel, Web Section, Admin Page, and General Page. Context parameters are supported for Web Item. The JWT information is send to the remote server upon installation, but we haven't used it for REST API authentication. 
 We help you easily manage your timetablesAnd we tell you when your common free times are!  
 Challenges I ran into: Time!Accomplishments that I'm proud of: Great team workget|f|itBuilt WithcsshtmljavajavascriptTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    We Code Hackathon for Women & FriendsWinner                People's Choice                  Created by  Worked on HTML, JS and CSS Nitya  ReddyI did graphic design, wrote submission. and Idea development.Michelle WaddellI connected our app to the OpenWeatherApp API, and displayed custom activities based on whether or not it's raining. :)Sara JensenI worked on the mobile app mockups. Brett NewWorked on Design, UI, J2EE, Integration of API to the app.Hephlin MaguluriSobhagya Jose 
  
 The bot acts as a personal assistant in the airport by showing relevant options for dining, transport, shopping, lounges, internet connectivity etc..based on the traveller's location within the airport and their preferences. It also uses NLP and AI training to answer basic questions of the travelers like where is the lounge area, what are some options to dine, what are some transportation facilities etc..If it can't provide an answer to a question, it directs the user to nearby information desks. 
 The ProBot utilizes the automation class in Java to create a robot object. The robot object interacts with the online quiz by using the peripherals of the computer. It goes to the URL of the quiz, copies the question, checks to see if the question is in our MySQL database hosted by Amazon Web Services, if it is in the database then it fetches the answer and selects the correct one, if it is not then it picks a random one and stores the correct answer in the database for future use. Once it has learned all of the questions it will be able to get every question correct.  
 It allows users to draw out their instrument board and connect their shapes to various sounds (piano sounds, drum sounds, etc). The board is supposed to be drawn on a piece of paper, allowing all users to be able to afford learning and playing this instrument. 
 It is a facebook messenger bot that allows people to search through airbnb listings while learning what each user wants. By giving feedback to the bot, we learn your general style and thus we are able to recommend the apartments that you are going to like, under your budget, in any city of the world :) We can also book the apartment for you. 
 FireNode is a real time interior localization platform designed to provide high resolution population density maps of large network infrastructures. FireNode is a learning algorithm utilizing big data concepts - as more wifi hotspot data is collected, FireNode's knowledge of the network and hotspot locations expands to reflect more accurate user densities. Our service has three main components; data acquisition, analytics, and presentation. The data acquisition is carried out by a mobile app that reads GPS and wireless network information. This information is sent to a server where data analytics are performed using custom algorithms. Our algorithms determine the location of wifi hotspots through trilateration (similar to triangulation) and determine the number of people connected to a given hotspot. From there, the analytics data is sent to be presented to the user as a map overlaid with relative population density with a resolution down to individual rooms.     
  
 This system is designed to address two problems:Often (especially in rural and developing regions) emergency medical services like 911 simply can't arrive in time. When a sudden emergency occurs, fast help is often the difference between life and death.When 911 does arrive, they don't have very much information about you. Your medications, allergies, conditions, emergency contacts – information that could help them save your life, but isn't often available.To address these issues, we propose a permissioned blockchain network designed to connect individuals with confirmed first responder training (EMTs, doctors, nurses, ...) who happen to be extremely nearby when an emergency situation occurs. Many of these responders will be willing to be notified even in the middle of the night if they could save a life in jeopardy if they're only 10 blocks away.The system will additionally support the delivery of emergency medical data, curated (and optionally stored) by potential patients themselves to both official emergency services and the nearby first responders (once they have published a transaction stating that they are nearby and en route to help). 
 Help kids get the medical care they need to get back in school, by making it easier to find information about when/where the Ronald McDonald mobile care unit will be.   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 Our system automatically scans twitter, facebook, labour unions websites, then groups all this information based on its place, time and type (attack, strike, weather), and, represents all this knowledges in the dashboard. And, finally, analyses which exact flights are influenced by particular event and then shows it 
  
  
 Edge Pay is Financial Inclusion solution for the unbanked using their NIN or VIN as means of Identification.The Financial Institutions and the general public always find it challenging to reach the less privileged people or rather people leaving in remote villages where there are no banks. Thereby sending money to them or giving them grants becomes very difficult because most of these people are "unbanked". Most of our aged citizens fall victim of this circumstances too. System allows the following operations:Login National Identity Number (NIN) VerificationAgent RegistrationEnduser RegistrationSend Money to a National Identity Number (NIN)Fund Wallet (Agents)Online Card Payment OptionMasterpass QR Code Payment optionPay from wallet (edgePay Wallet)Receive Money from any Agent LocationBiometrics AuthenticationReceive Money into Wallet (Registered Endusers)Move Money From Wallet to Bank AccountPay Bills from wallet 
  
  
 Basically it's a watered down Air Traffic Control Sim in VR with the Alexa. You can clear planes for landing/takeoff. Prepare them for takeoff/landing. Have them enter holding patterns. And most importantly, prevent them from crashing!  
  
  
 Airena (pronounced Eye-reen-a) is a multiplayer game, a teaching tool and a (prototype of a) platform. It's a space shooter that you can play as a human. You can immediately click on the code button to write up your bot and watch it take over. Joining the game is as easy as opening the link. 
  
 Adatavist Test Management brings the core features of our server version to JIRA Cloud. This initial release is not as feature rich as the server version due to the time available but it does enable:Test Case Management - create, update, delete test cases. Linking JIRA issues and Test Cases & Runs to provide traceability. Organise Tests into Test Runs to then be executed in our Test Player. Folder hierarchies for Test Case & Test Run organisation. Drag and drop for easier management of the test artefacts. A selection of key reports for testing progress and traceability.Project level configuration 
 This program uses data from a website called Hook Theory to statistically determine the next chord progression. The data was obtained using the java selenium library and compiled into a database. Then during program execution the data is compiled into a trie, a tree with three layers per root. Using statistics we weighted each node in the tree. Then when a new key had to be obtained, the previous three keys played are taken into consideration and their statistical probabilities in order to determine the next key. Additionally, we made a nice interface to go along with it.Challenges we ran intoAs expected and as usual we ran into a lot of problems. Especially obtaining information from the hook theory website was difficult. This is because no database on chord progressions exists. Therefore we had to write up a script to obtain the data. Additionally, learning about tries and applying them proved to be very difficult. We also had to write up threads in order to play notes in different channels. Accomplishments that we're proud ofGetting the application to work and producing decently sounding music in just a few days. What we learnedWe learned a lot about threads and timing problems in Java. We also learned a lot about music theory as we browsed the internet on how to generate music. What's next for Procedural Music GeneratorImprovements to complexity and improving the data used. Applying a neural net would be awesome and we believe that we could learn a lot from that.Built Withchord-progressionhook-theoryintellij-ideajavamusic-theoryscenebuilderseleniumtext-fileTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    Hack@WPI 2018    Created by  Worked on obtaining data with a scraper using selenium, figuring out how MIDI works, integration of trie and MIDI player, work on animation and UI backendFlorisKnew the music theory,coded first level chord progression, programmed melody, created FXML file and color scheme. Clayton DembskiI wrote the data structures and synthesis (traversing the data and generating output) code.pmwws 
 My interface emulates a 3D home : you can check your orders that are completed in real time into the 3D view and into the real life. Through the chatbot, I easily manage the following tasks:1- Turn on/ off the home devices like TV, stereo, electric shutters, alarm and so on.2- Define the heating and cooling system policy.3- Define the way to react to an intrusion or to manage the house during a leave period.The demo is the accomplishment of a common scenario of talking with the chatbot and realizing common tasks in the 3D home, through simple lambda functions. I am Wifi compliant and detect smartphones presence in your home. My state ambitions is operating a real deep learning on user behavior and then being able to adapt the home policy and programming to his habits. At this point, the user will not have any preoccupation for managing the system: tasks like close the door, turn off electrical devices, monitor his child sleeping time will be manage directly by the system itself.it is with pleasure that, Lexus, appear before as a smart control board for your house. Now, you can trash all your remote controls and just have a talk with me!My API enable to link the Internet world and the electronical objects of the day-to-day life.  
 Login, connect and start using ContactNow for Jira Service Desk. Agents can make and receive calls and have access to all phone features such as hold, call recording and transfers, all without leaving the ticket.Search displays tickets and users for selection to associate calls with tickets. Suggested ticket for quick assignment saving agents time. If you can't find what you're looking for you can create a new ticket with a single click.ContactNow will automatically add comments to the ticket with call information. You get a full view of the the ticket's history be seeing all the calls made and received along with the agent who worked on them, the time and duration of the call.Now you can contact your Jira Service Desk customers instantly by clicking to dial them. ContactNow will automatically detect Phone numbers so theres no need to search for contact details. The phone shows all the numbers you need so you can start a call with a single click.Accomplishments that we're proud ofFirst Atlassian add-on for ContactNow, built in four days at Atlassian Connect Week in Austin, TX.What's next for ContactNow for Jira Service Desk?Exit Beta and add more customisation options, such as automatically creating a ticket when a call is answered.Built Withangular.jsphpsaasTry it outapp.contactnow.8x8.comwww.8x8.com      Submitted to    Atlassian Codegeist 2017    Created by  Julia ZhuStu Crew 
 Given a contract address, it will show the Solidity source code with the gas cost for each line in the left margin. The gas cost is the total gas cost for past transaction on the Ethereum main net. 
 The program is a set of cooking demonstrations with 4-6 attendees, moving between the homes of the refugee women to teach and converse in English in a social setting with the help of some simple image based technology to provide vocabulary. We believe that in addition to addressing the well-known language barriers affecting refugees, this program will also address the social issues arising out of the isolation of refugee women. 
  
 This IoT System contains an Arduino based IoT device which can be connected to worker's helmet, this device senses the Temperature, Pressure, Humidity, Heart Rate, Gas Concentration around the worker and sends it to Azure IoT hub.An Azure Function App gets a trigger via Event Hub whenever there is a new reading available at the IoT Hub. That function stores the reading in the Azure SQL Database and if the readings are above the Threshold levels ( threshold levels are stored in the database and can be configured by Administrators) then the Function App sends a Cloud-to-Device alert message to the device to inform the workers to move to a safe area.A WebApp (hosted on Azure App Service) allows the managers/supervisors to log-in and see their team's status on a Dashboard in a Web Browser. If the managers/supervisors want to send an alert message manually then they can do so by just a click of a button.In this device prototype, we are getting real values for Temperature, Humidity & Pressure from the on board sensors and we are simulating the Hear Rate, GeoLocation and Gas Concentration readings in code. 
 You write your problems to Chitthi, and she will respond to you with appropriate solutions. 
 This is an IoT-based smart fridge that uses Computer Vision to automatically log in food, informs the users through text messages of what's stored inside and expiration data, and recommend healthier and better use of user's’ current storage through features like checking nutrition and search for recipes related to some items.  
 The objective of the project is to allow streamers to add accurate Close Captioning to their streams without much hassle, and without burning the captions on the stream, and also give viewers the option to customize the font size and be able to pop them up as they wish. 
 Connects you to people near you who want to hang out for drinks 
  
  
  
  
 A robot travels along a 3" pipe with a sensor package including sonar and an air quality monitor 
 The intended idea was to add an IMU (Inertial Measurement Unit) to integrate accelerometer, gyroscope, and magnetometer data that is filtered for accurate, clean measurements.  Using the data, we planned to determine when the bike was slowing down to activate a brake light.  We also were going to add sensors to the handlebars to start turn signals.  After the bike finished turning, they would automatically turn off.In reality, we ran into issues with moving the data from the sensor to a computer that we could actually process it with.  We were not able to get the sensors successfully working  We ended up spending most of the time reverse-engineering the bike light and figuring out exactly how it functions so that we could interface with it.  We wrote out a document describing our procedure and the results we found.  
 Today, AWS Cost Manager is a simple tool that shows you AWS CloudWatch billing metrics in JIRA. As simple as that! 
 Empowers the viewer with the ability to see where the streamer is looking in the screen. Watch Demo 
 PocketDoc is an image recognition app to identify physical wounds on the human body and return cures. All you have to do is take a picture of your wound/symptom and then let PocketDoc recognise your wound and return the most common cure or medicine!FeaturesCross-platform - works for iOS and Android!Clean material design layoutImage recognition trained by custom modelsFast response time due to image compression when sending to API 
 Butlr presents tasks to you based on designated locations. You can organize tasks by places, such as Home, Work, Grocery Store, etc. and Butlr will present you with your saved lists for each individual location when you arrive at the said location. When you get home, Butlr will present you with the list you created specifically for home, which would include tasks such as take out the trash, wash the dishes, watch a movie with your family, etc. For work, the list might include things like meeting dates and times, reports, other assignments, etc. and when you come to work, Butlr will automatically present you your itinerary for the day. Driving and you forget to get milk on the way? No problem. Butlr will even handle that for you by sending you a text message to remind you to complete that task. Also, like a good butler, when you start running, Butlr will remind you to run a recommended based on what scientific studies show is good amount of running for a healthy lifestyle. Instead of setting manual alarms for each specific event, or manually putting things on your calendar, which takes a lot of time, Butlr streamlines the entire process. Butlr helps you manage your life, so you can do the things you love. 
 We mint new ERC721 tokens that are comprised of ERC721 tokens.  The new Set token is able to be traded around between users as a single token despite having many tokens inside.  The Booster Pack idea randomly selects 5 CryptoKitties from a pool of CryptoKitties on the blockchain before minting the new token and giving it to the user.  When they open it for the first time, they may even be surprised to find a Gen-0 CryptoKitty (assuming they paid the extra Ether to buy the "Gold" packs). 
 Messenger LaTeX allows users to input and render LaTeX formatted text and features a preview box containing the rendered text, the ability to save rendered text as a PNG file and clicking on renderings to copy the original LaTeX markup. 
  
  
 PocDoc is a convenient and easy-to-use platform for patients and their healthcare providers to communicate and design the road to recovery after discharge from inpatient care.From a website, doctors can view their patients, demographic information, prescription history, daily therapies, and notes. From a mobile app, patients can access their specific prescriptions (including information about dosage, risks and warnings, further research), ask their doctors questions through a live chat, and keep track of their daily activity tasks. Patients are able to instantly receive responses from their doctors without the hassle of setting up an appointment.  
 Twitch extension video overlay that will display Closed Captioning to the viewer with the only requirement that the broadcaster uses a companion site to do the speech to text translation. All the broadcaster has to do is install the extension, enable it, login to stream-cc.gooseman.codes and click "On" when they go live. Once it's on viewers will see Closed Captioning being display on stream that they can hide or move around, with future features coming soon.  
  
  
  
  
 Using a slash command, Taz creates a digest of the unread messages that are:Trending based on emoticonsDirectly or undirectly mentionned to youMost talked about topics 
 It has the capability to translate a limited ASL dictionary into speech. 
  
 It allows users to search for things in videos just like you would search for stuff in text files and highlight the appearances of the searched keyword in video's timeline and allows you to skip directly to that part. It also allows you to summarize long texts according to your reading habits and the available time you have. We also built a cross platform chat system along with video calling to support the overall functionality with a feature to broadcast your mobile screen to larger devices through socket connections. 
 The main idea of this mobile application is to enable people in Rabat and Casablanca who are traveling in the same direction to share a taxi easily. The resultant effect will be a 50% to 66% savings on the part of the taxi rider. The app provides an easy to use search engine to look for people willing to share a taxi based on specific criteria.An additional feature of the app is: Monitoring and estimation of the price of the ride.Built Withandroid      Submitted to    Ford Code for Taxicabs Mobility Challenge    Created by  Jaouad Boudouar 
  
  
  
  
  
 On the platform you can:post screenshot(s) of your desktopupvote posts, and the most upvoted will be at the topbrowse postsview your own posts 
 It lets users see calendars for different public funded resources like soccer fields and community rooms. The users can reserve time slots or sign up for notifications if their desired time slot becomes available. Surveillance cameras in the rooms and on the fields monitor the flux of users. If reserved field is empty for over 15 minutes notifications are sent out to potential users. The whole purpose is to maximize the use of these public services!  
 It works as the “sixth sense” for the blind. The box has 4 ultrasonic sensors on its front, back, left and right. The sensors are to detect for the safe distance around the user. The back sensor tracks to ensure the presence of the user. The right, left and front sensors track the distance around user so to ensure safe walking distance. If there’s an obstacle within 1 metre, then the audio buzzer will sound to alert the user.  
  
 In simpler terms, it creates a local interweb which enables the rural areas' residents to consume internet data without even getting connected to the internet with the features like caching website offline video watching and chatting too without internet. 
 Our Alexa skill asks you a series of questions to navigate your search to find houses and properties you might be interested in. Alexa then can send you an email with a link to your graphical results.  
 It uses Google Home as an interface to crowdsource proofreading Khan Academy content and thus improve quality of the material. 
 XCalibur can be written to. XCalibur can be read from. But God forbid if you attempt to overwrite its filesystem. It's built in Knights of the Round TableTM technology fights off hackers and meddlers with ease. It doesn't just prevent access, but as any good fighting force, lures the enemy into a false sense of security, and when they believe they have succeed, strikes unexpectedly and renders their work utterly useless.Attempts at formatting:@Ben backs up all current data on drive. Attempts to use ApplePi-Baker the Raspbian image onto it.@Dev attempts to use fdisk to delete the partition. Old partition shows as deleted in fdisk. No errors. Write successful. Drive is unresponsive when trying to mount again, take it out. Plug it back in, no change in file system. All files are readable / accessable as if fdisk did no operations.@Shanantu given XCalibur to attempt to format. Plugs in his computer, and it freezes his computer. Needs to force restart.@Jordan given microSD card to attempts format. Using Ubuntu with gparted, gparted shows that it has successfully deleted partition. Eject drive, plug back in, looks like no change. Frustrated, attempts "touch" for foo.txt. Touch successful, file shows in explorer, openable, editable, saveable. Eject drive. Place drive back in, file is gone. Attempt to format again, still nothing. Frustrated, attempt to simply delete all data on drive with rm -rf. Jordan messes up and rm -rf / instead of rm -rf /dev/sdb. His ubuntu filesystem nuked, and spends next 9 hours trying to attempt to install another linux system on top of it (still unable to, something corrupted on his ssd we believe through the rm -rf command).@Ben attempts another format using official Mac SD card formatting tool this time. Spits out error -50, which as far as we researched, is undocumented. We do find that the official tool is by "SDCard.org".@Dev attempts to continue looking up possible errors and ways to check for bad sectors.Command "fsck -a" is run, which has the output:icarus@Castle ~]$ sudo fsck -a /dev/sdb1[sudo] password for icarus:fsck from util-linux 2.27.1fsck.fat 3.0.28 (2015-05-16)0x41: Dirty bit is set. Fs was not properly unmounted and some data may be corrupt.Automatically removing dirty bit.FATs differ but appear to be intact. Using first FAT.Free cluster summary wrong (1554557 vs. really 1554558)Auto-correcting.Performing changes./dev/sdb1: 1583 files, 388034/1942592 clusters[icarus@Castle ~]$ sudo fsck -a /dev/sdb1fsck from util-linux 2.27.1fsck.fat 3.0.28 (2015-05-16)/dev/sdb1: 1583 files, 388034/1942592 clusters[icarus@Castle ~]$Running fsck fixed the problem, and on second run saw an error free run. After safely ejecting and plugging it back in, XCalibur again had the same fsck dirty bit error as before.We attempted to perhaps break it more by changing its partition table from MDOS to GPT, but despite the use of both CLI and GUI toolsets, @Nelson & Shanantu attempts on windows PC:  Removed MicroSD from USB and put it in SD adapterInserted SD-adapter into Windows 10 computerdiskpartlist diskselect disk 1 (SD)list partitionPartition 1 | Primary | 14 GB | 1024 KB offsetcleanSucceeded in cleaninglist partitionPartition 1 | Primary | 14 GB | 1024 KB offsetregedit did not show a key named StorageDevicePoliciesCreated key manually to set "Write Protection" to 0attributes disk clear readonlyDisk attributes cleared successfully.Attempted to quick format FAT32Windows states "Windows was unable to complete the format."Attempted formatting from diskpartDiskPart has encountered an error: Parameter is incorrect.Suggests checking event log.Checked event log, Windows did not appear to log anythingReverted to USB adapterMounted in Ubuntu via USB adapterDevice auto-mounted, attempted to touch a filels showed file in the root of the SD cardecho ayy lmao > filesynccat fileoutput is "ayy lmao"sudo umount /dev/sda1Remove and reinsert hardware from VMcd into SD cardFile was no longer in cardXCalibur has proven to be particularly resilient to change. We have been looking into possible errors with file corruption, hardware failure, and our tests and reasons as to why no single explanation is adequate.As we spent more time researching it, a couple frequently diagnosed problems with similar hard issues were:Sector Corruption. This was often the quoted reason for bad drives. However, bad sectors would easy have been found by a check disk or other commands as they would encounter it. Bad sectors are so well known that error codes for them are well documentated, but we did not run into them.was kill.Another suggested error was that it was write locked. The microSD card did not have write lock on it, and we used 3 different microSD to SD adapters, only one of which featured write lock, of which we tried both locked and not locked. When write locked, we were unable to copy files at all, and the ramdisk functionality Bad Reader / Adapter. As we stated of , we used three different types of adapters to account for this problem. 
 Cotraveler helps to catch the cheapest flight fare with instant alerts in messenger 
 With Ant Text you are able to create your own email templates with your wanted design directly in your Outlook and share them with the rest of your employees with our new sharing feature.New feature is you can use fixed and custom merge fields and at same time attach standard files in your emails that automatically will appear in your email when you choose it. This is a feature you have never seen before in your Outlook emails.The benefit of using Ant Text is you will be improving your brand and customer service in your company.Ant Text make your emails work better! 
 Essentially, Image Annotator for JIRA adds image editor to JIRA. After installation, you can start the editor when you hover over images attached to issues (JPG, PNG, BMP). If you have edit permission right, you can edit and annotate image attachments in issues. Your changes can be saved in original attachment or you can create a separate annotated or edited image attachment. 
  
 Tilt your phone to dodge incoming rocks and 'evade' the evil red enemies that chase you round relentlessly! You can collect powerups throughout the game to help you on your increasingly difficult journey! A big unique feature of the game is the shatter effect that occurs on collision - check it out!  
 Agile Estimate add-on opens a selected sprint backlog in dialog where all sprint backlog items have estimation slider. Moving slider left/right dynamically changes and saves estimation for that issue.All estimations are visually represented in the estimation bar so that users have visual representation of the estimation size and can compare backlog stories with each other and adjust them easily.Total number of issues in sprint and total estimation of all stories is also available.Agile Estimate supports boards with both Story and Hours estimation types. 
 Administrators have the ability to create categories, groups and subsequently map members to groups and groups to categories using the Appian Tempo interface. A complete audit trail, including comments history and uploaded supporting images, helps provide a complete history of the complaint. 
 Chat Heroes allows users to pick their own characters, personalize them and type commands into the chat box on a stream to have their characters perform actions as a video overlay on the stream. Chat Heroes allows both the streamers and viewers to show love, say hello, get salty, etc. Chat Heroes provides multiple characters and interactions to choose from.Example videos of interactions: (right click and open link in new window)WaveWave AllSaltyPoopLove 
  
  
  
 The skill is invoked with "Alexa, ask Fork On The Road".  Users are asked to add up to four things for the fork to choose from.  Users can also remove items they've added.  While users are adding things, an animation of the fork bounces in the intersection of two roads.  A full 3D scene is used to present items in a fun and unique way, with items placed as dynamic 3D extruded text.  When there as at least 2 items the user can "Spin the Fork".  When the fork is choosing, it bounces up and spins around, slowly stopping on the path it would like you to take.  A final screen presents the forks decision using another dynamic 3D scene.  This skill works responsively across all Alexa products ranging from speech-only to TV.  "Your destiny awaits.  Enjoy!" 
  
 Harvest is a cheap crop stress detector that cost less than $50 to build.  It's a modified point and shoot camera with the infrared filter removed and a new filter put in.  It can fly on a drone, plane, or in our case, a balloon.Harvest also provides a web app that processes these infrared images and shows "hotspots" and allows you to compare originals with the analyzed images, and compare your crops over time.Our software also pulls in Landsat imagery, weather, and makes smart suggestions.This is disruptiveThe infrared camera and our analysis algorithm actually works.  We field tested this yesterday at a park in SF (see pictures) and our field test analysis clearly showed signs of underwatering.We're 100x cheaper than the closest commercial alternative, a $7000 drone that requires special training and runs out of power in minutes.Built With.clubcircleciesrinode.jspythonweather-undergroundTry it outwww.harvesters.club      Submitted to    TechCrunch Disrupt SF 2015Winner                CircleCI              Winner                Weather Underground              Winner                PCH International              Winner                Runner Up #2                  Created by  I have an MBA and I drove synergyIan WebsterI brought donuts Michael DAngeloakearneyJudy Mou 
  
  
  
  
 Takes a photo, analyzes emotions.Takes in a journal entry, analyzes sentiment. Passes all that data to therapist.Helpful for exposure and response prevention therapy monitoring. Also, performs music therapy through intelligent tagging using the YouTube API.  
  
 We used a 3D printed stand to transform any laptop into a Smart Overhead Projector. A teacher can present PDF files along with a live stream from the Smart Overhead Projector. The entire lecture will be recorded from the laptop, with a transcription of the teacher's voice (powered by IBM BlueMix API) and a link to the PDF file. We will eventually have a collection of lectures from different classes and teachers. Students from around the world can now search and relive any lecture at anytime and anywhere. 
  
 This Excel Add-in as a task pane allows the user to share their spreadsheet as an "XL Clipboard". Once created, the user is given an XL Clipboard web address (like a shortcut) with all their data.You can set fields to not only be hidden but if you want your helpers to collaborate (i.e. update/fill in missing information) you can mark fields as editable or read-only.You can also set a summary field, this specifies which fields XL Clipboard will search. This will help staff to quickly find people but you can limit it based on what you want them to see.Once created, the shared web address is also password locked so only people who know the address and the password may access it.Your staff can lookup people, update their information, and check them in.This is a true way to collaborate on a spreadsheet without the need to build a database or any complicated mobile/web application. 
  
  
  
 Connect to https://gamehost.azurewebsites.net/ with your laptop (display) and phone (controller).Use your laptop as a display, by following the simple instructions  online.Similarly, use your phone as a gaming controller & ask your friends to join!More games are yet to be uploaded... In the mean time, have fun using our Ping Pong Demo! 
 Our smart ring simplifies the access into our office and provides an easier way to unlock your computer. 
 Creates beautiful diagram intuitively and fast. Like really fast. Like "create binary tree in mere seconds fast".  Type Diagram was built with the understanding that using existing diagramming solutions take just too long. By design, you get to choose one of two shapes that you create from: Rectangle or Circle(psst... more shapes coming soon). Think of these shapes as nodes in your graph. Which means they can be connected via edges. You can write on your nodes and edges but what really makes this super flexibly is that all nodes and edges are mutable, meaning you can change any property of a node while still retaining its content and connections. You can change a node's shape, outline and content. Similarly for an edge you can change its endpoints, label and dashing.On top of this Type Diagram provides several other useful features like autosaving, undo-redo, panning*, multiple selection, ghost nodes, auto generated node content, edge endpoint preference and common sense hotkeys(*copy paste will come soon too).With the idea of a better user experience, I hope that this tool empowers diagrammers everywhere.*(to pan hold space and drag)Check out the Github Repo for more details about the project.Also, if you are looking for an older video where I discuss the some of the features in details, its over here 
  
  
  
  
 SCTS stands for "Supply Chain Tracking System". STCS is a Smart Contract framework to keep tracking of products from the raw materials to the shopping stage. This system is powered by the Ethereum Blockchain, so it's fully distributed, immutable and auditable.Every Product in SCTS is represented in a Smart Contract, which keeps track of actions being made by Ethereum accounts. The community in charge of SCTS (could be a government, a consortium or even a DAO) can register this account as official SCTS Product Handlers, so their identity is stored in the Blockchain being impossible for fake producers or suppliers to cheat and sell products in the name of a registered Brand.Because of this, any costumer, government or regulatory institution can scan a QR code in the product packaging, which identifies the Smart Contract representing the exact unit of the Product, or even introduce the address of the Smart Contract, and be able to track and audit all the life of the Product.But there's more. Anyone will be also able to introduce the code of a SCTS Product Handler and see all the actions this individual or institution has performed on SCTS Products, empowering a more transparent and fair global economic system. 
  
  
 ElderVision will alert your family if your elder falls. When a picture matches the trained model of the Watson API, an event will trigger, sending a MMS to all the registered family members. With the received image, the family members will then judge if it's a false alert or if they have to intervene.  
 When you get off a plane, sends a notification and with one click you can text your Mum where you are!Bonus: includes notifications on her birthday! 
  
 Safe Travels is an Android/iOS app which gathers and organizes all the crime in Philadelphia and provides you the best tools to analyze your surrounding so that you and your loved ones can make safe decisions.In this hackathon, we are implementing several features that will make Safe Travels not just an app to analyze crime, but a platform for people to connect and help others stay safe. Some of the features include:User registration and authentication so that you can customize your preferencesCloud integration using Google Firebase so that you can connect with other usersFirebase Cloud Messaging (FCM) that allows you to get notifications of an alert/event such as an active shooter in the areaSmart Safety Tips that alert you when you are in an unsafe area or going through an area at an unsafe time. The tips will be generated by analyzing historical crime data and identifying crime-based patternsFire Hydrant Locations markers dropped on the map and their current status  
 With the VR experience in MedReality, users may explore organs and systems in a fully immersive environment in virtual reality, display diseases in varying states of severity, and add treatments to visualize and understand medical options.Users can exploit brains, vessels, organs, bones, and muscles in order to explore anatomical structures in orthogonal views: coronal, sagital and axial. Moreover, with a richable amount of ex-vivo and clinical scan sources, MedReality promisingly encourages users to widely elaborate their learning knowledge and skills in respect to perceive a profound understanding of structures in respect to terminology and definitions. Our MedReality WebVR is an advanced learning tool that could help not only medical students but also individuals without a medical background to visualize and explore anatomy. In addition, MedReality also include an Artificial Intelligent which is trained using 3D deep neural network (3DUnet) to detect white matter, gray matter and cerebrospinal fluid. This AI can be further extended to detect structures in other organs like heart, kidney, liver, etc. Furthermore, it will help to correct/guide students in learning these anatomical structures. On the other hand, this AI highly aims to 1) support students and researchers working in radiology and medical imaging to segment and quantify structure volume and 2) assist medical doctors to diagnose abnormal structures in human body such as tumors.  
  
 WeLearn help us to get an immersive learning experience Via Facebook and oculus Go with 360° view we are so free to move and learn as in the real life we can get too much clear content  and have the choice to move beetween the presentation and the teacher .more ..On WeLearn we have the training section here where you can find the benefits . on this section we can give you immersive training as on the real live by coaching you by giving you instructions to follow during the VR experience .WeLearn make creating E-Learning content easy the only thing that you have to do is is adding a video and the Presentation (PowerPoint or Images) by only 1 click . 
 The lockscreen is equipped with a neural network which can differentiate between the phone's owner and an intruder trying to unlock it. The initial set-up involves the unlock pattern being repeatedly drawn by both the owner and an outside individual so the neural network is able to detect subtle differences between users based on a variety of criteria. The AI is further trained and improved each time it is unlocked, either by the owner or a detected intruder. 
  
  
 • Connects people who wish to contribute to the society to the charitable organizations• Allows philanthropists to get rid of the headache to search for organizations that wish to get their used items• Organizations are able to reduce the backlog of demands in an efficient manner• People get their requests fulfilled in the least time possible.• From Organization’s point of view it helps them browse the available items, which are organized by categories.• Organizations can request for items that are not available. • People are able to donate their stuff easily rather than dumping them in the trash.• People have the option of having getting rid of their unwanted stuff by requesting the Charity Organizations to pick up the items from their house/apartment. 
 The gloves have a light-up UO "O" when you make the O with your hands. Additionally, the gloves are all connected to the cloud so an organizer can create synchronized patterns and motion. 
 It returns a completely new computer generated song everytime you want. 
 JoinLah is a mobile app that allows you to create activities, browse through and join activities happening around from a map interface. Any activity from soccer, poker, de-stress karaoke or even spontaneous hackathons! You can also discover trending activities that matches your interest. JoinLah also enhances user experience through potential business partners such as Shopee, Carousell for shopping or Grab for transport 
 Co|wear is fashion-as-a-service product. By being able to lend, and lend out items of clothing to other people, users can find new clothes. The different kind of items are displayed in GoogleMaps with pins at their respective locations.If you like the item, similar items offered by Zalando are displayed. To spread the word and find new and exciting outfits, we have the Explore function. Explore allows the user to see the latest fashion pictures from Twitter. The user can then contact these fashionistas who aren't using co|wear and ask to borrow their clothes. We are essentially using existing social platforms to market our own. 
 It enables you to control your house with your cell phone with voice commands. 
 We enable users around the world use the right exits in their Subway/MRT/MTR/TUBE stations to get their destinations faster thus saving time, money, space and effort collectively and making a smarter city. 
 Instant Websites is an Atlassian Connect add-on that integrates with Confluence Cloud. It is installed by a System Administrator and enabled for a Confluence space by a Space Administrator.Instant Websites assists with publishing a Confluence space to a mobile responsive and static website on Amazon AWS S3. First it converts the Confluence storage format to a static HTML site using Metalsmith. That is then published to Amazon AWS S3. This content is, in turn, delivered via Amazon AWS CloudFront ensuring that the customer gets the content as quickly as possible, wherever they are in the world.Finally Amazon AWS Route 53 enables the customer to CNAME a vanity URL (http://arijea.com/) to Amazon AWS, hiding the Amazon URL from the customer.Ultimately the customer gets the company website and documentation in a mobile responsive format as quick as possible. 
  
 Visage lets you log in to your social media accounts using your face as a password. 
 It integrates all events information together. And users can add their favorite events to their preferred calendar in one step.   
  
  
 Using AR technology, Wae FindAR helps you find the best route to your destination with Knuckles helping guide you through da wae at each turn.  
  
 Natural Language Query tool on JIRA dataset. Ask/Type any question related to your JIRA projects and nQuery will answer it. 
 It helps you to easily preserve and organize your photos and albums. The features of this web-app is shown bellow: personal user accountuser friendly interfaceupload multiple photos at a timeupdate, delete and sharing facilitiesphoto download, zoom & Fullscreensearch photos by user, caption or date in public interfaceshare photos via different social media (Facebook, Twitter, Googleplus, Pinterest) can load different images for different viewports and can display high resulation imagesphoto captions and locations are easily editable personal and public interfaces for both gallery and album use of whenhub api to create and organize whenhub-albumwhenhub users can easily organize their albums through picastwhenhub-albums can be shared, deleted and organized via picastmultiple images can be uploaded and deleted in each of the whenhub-albumsusers can update name, caption, time and location of whenhub-albums and photosone can follow other users' shared albums and photos 
 With a growing Confluence there start to be more and more add ons in once instance. As an administrator or also as a developer you sometimes have to switch a lot between all the administrative screens that your Confluence offers. But it can take time to locate the link to the targeted action. So why not just get there by typing?!Available to system admins and confluence adminsType '.' to open a menu with all administrative actionsKeep typing the name of your target action screenNavigate through a list of actions matching the nameType Enter to go to the actionMake your configuration and goto the next action by typing '.'What's next for Dot Menu for ConfluenceAccess to more actions even for normal users inside Confluence like move a page, jump to a special space administration, move a certain page to another space and reorder the pages without being on the page itself, etc..Built WithauiconfluencejavajavascriptTry it outmarketplace.atlassian.com      Submitted to    Atlassian Codegeist 2017    Created by  Lars-Erik Kimmel 
 Wayflow can be used as a Slack Hubot command to ask questions and receive previously asked questions/answers that are similar. Simply message Hubot with "q", followed by your question. Users can also visit a web-page where questions and answers are archived in threads, much like Stack Overflow. 
 Saving email & documents has never been easier. Stay within Outlook while saving & organizing emails and documents in SharePoint Online or Group Sites. Directly from Outlook to SharePoint Online using iGlobe E2S Add-in on any device, Windows, MAC, Tablets, Web mail, IOS or Android. 
  
 AI Sensei is the quickest way to start learning a language, simply wave your phone in front of items and see the translation of said item in front of you. Using computer vision and AI, this hack can create a truly personalised experience that can be scaled to the hundreds of thousands of refugees who have access to a smartphone in 2016.When you "see" an item in augmented reality, the app stores it in your short-term memory, so it knows that you've seen it recently and know what it's called in English, but haven't quite learned it fully. You can then do challenges to sharpen your short-term memory and turn it into long-term memory by finding those items in pictures depicting real-life situations.What's special about this is that the users give back to a good cause, as using the app helps train an artificial intelligence from which we can all benefit from. Not only does it automate education reducing the need of training more teachers, but it also becomes self-sustainable as the users train the AI for each other with use. 
 The commUnity app allows individuals to view, collaborate and create projects within their community. Projects are geographically sorted, allowing residents to find initiatives around them that they are passionate about, join the chat and organize to meet or contribute. 
 This snippet helps us to download a screenshot of the relevant content within a report. It can then be sent as an attachment for approval or even be used for an audit and compliance purpose.  
  
  
  
  
  
 Backpack will maintain a dynamic record of hotel rooms. People here will be able to book rooms on basis of hour and they have to pay accordingly(not the whole price). Then can have there flexible schedule.How does it help out customer and hotelSuppose the rent of the hotel for $200 for a day. But if the person books through BACKPACK he has to pay as low as $40 as for 2 hours. The hotel will also gain profit because rooms are empty to book again. In this way on hotel end they can make more than $200 per day and at the customers end one has to pay a small sum.Revenue Generation For The CompanyAs per the scalability and different timings of year we would impose revenue from 3% to 12% of the total amount taken from our customers . A major share of revenue generation will be this and soon some pro features would be available which only people with our prime membership could access.How we will build itIt will be available on android ,web and iOS platforms .Team will consist 4 departments :-1 ) Collecting resources - arrangement of incubation center 2) Coding - skill developers working at both back end and front end3 ) Advertising - making contacts with the people and the hotel (very first will be bani park)4 ) Sales management - this team will keep an eye on market and accordingly changes the rent of roomsChallenges We ran intoThere are some loop holes like justifying the price of the hotel. Maintaining of hotel standards becomes difficult when there is checkout every 2 to 3 hours. It can create a whole lot of trouble to those hotels which have a large number of rooms. And at the same time dynamic data analysing is the soul of the backend of Backpack.Accomplishments that We are proud ofWe think this idea can break the pre-existing idea of 12-12 and also can be a good competitor of OYO like companies in coming days.What We learnedOverall it is good experience of finally seeing the idea come into reality. And through this project we are able to enhance our skills and knowledgeWhat's next for BackPack?BACKPACK will have additional features like e-wallet.whats in the future for BackPackFor scalability purpose , we will be using AWS technology. Built Withdjangoruby-on-railsvue.js      Submitted to    Idea Hackathon 2019    Created by  Niket MittalDivyansh Bhadauriakartikeya AGRAWAL 
  
 WiSign is divided into two main functions, Quiz and StudyQuizThis function test how the user learns the fingerspelling in ASL. We fulfill this aim by testing how users identify different words by fingerspelling, combinations of signed alphabets, in different length-of-word ranges and send the words they inaccurately identify to review words list. Users can choose one of the four modes: easy, normal, hard, and evil, which contains words with length less than 3 characters, 4 - 6 characters, 7 - 8 characters, and equal or over 9 characters, separately.Our word list is generated from dictionaries in the Github repository and can be found from https://github.com/stoneotaku/vobmaster.git. We developed a python program to filter all the words in the word lists to the length corresponding to the 4 modes.Every word is shown to the users by images of ASL alphabet signs corresponding to characters in the words. The duration of each image is 0.5 seconds.We check how the user learns the fingerspelling in ASL by asking them to type the words they see and check whether they identify each sign accurately. The test input is not case sensitive. If the user enters the correct answer, the app will swift to the next question automatically. Otherwise, the current question will be added to the review words list and the images will be displayed again for users. The users can also put the current question directly to the review words list and see the answer directly. Users can take as many quizzes as they want.StudyThe study section has two parts, Study A - Z and Review.Study A - Z  part is designed for new ASL learners. They can view all the characters in alphabet order individually.Review part is designed for users to go over words they identified inaccurately or put into review words list during the quizzes. In this part, the images of signs are displayed the same as that in the quiz. However, users are not required to enter the words; instead, they can click the button to see answers directly. Besides, they can choose to remove the words from the review words list if they believe they master this combination of signs. After the user clicks the remove button, the button will change to the button for putting the words back if users remove them mistakenly. 
  
  
 Trashy but Smart is a smart recycling bin that automatically detects objects placed in it as recyclable or not recyclable and sorts it accordingly. USA Today estimates the results of widespread recycling to save the resources equivalent to over 1.5 million park benches and 4 million barrels of oil per year, and just a 75% recycling rate would create over 1.5 million jobs. TbS aims to simplify this process with cheap, effective, and accessible recycling bins. 
 Notifies the people you choose via text once you've arrived at your selected destination, be it home or elsewhere. If you don't arrive in-time, HereNow sends out a text saying they should perhaps be concerned about the late arrival. 
  
 SMSiri utilizes natural language processing to ascertain the intent of a SMS message, and then utilizes one of various APIs to answer the message and compose a reply. 
 FluxDuck analyzes companies' reputations in the news media to help you find an employer worth working for. 
  
  
  
 The features offered by SmartCab depend on the audience:1.1 For taxi passengers:Display of all taxis (rate and distance) and can contact them: to facilitate interaction between the cab and the passenger potential.Monitoring taxi on a map: to know in real time the position of the cab relative to that of the passenger.Display of the estimated price of the racePlanning a taxi station in the race:Allows travelers wishing to take a taxi on arrival at a station (in Casablanca or Rabat) to make reservations and see the rate proposed by the taxi-station operators and possibly contact them.Display of offers made by the taxi-station operators and the possibility of contact.1.2 For normal taxis:Smart meter:It will display the distance traveled, the duration, the fare, customer type and rate type (day, night).It also register the taxicab to be visible ONLY when the taxicab is empty. Because booking an empty taxicab is the easier than finding one going to the same direction than the potential passenger.Viewing GPS:Displays the current position of the taxi on a "traffic map".Viewing user tracking: to save time by not having on a map the position of the pas-senger potential.Ability to set up his taxi visibility criteria by customers to enable conductive only accept applications from women.1.3 For "grand taxis":Viewing large taxis's breakpoints allows potential passengers to see where they can take one.Display of the route to a large taxis stop.Registering a new stops for large taxis to have the maximum possible stops.1.4 For taxi-gare drivers:Display of bookings made by potential passengers. Deposit of an offer to one of these bookings.Last but not least:Optimization for the use of "Car Mode Google maps" with a GPS for the route. This saves time by taking the optimal path to the destination. 
  
  
 It allows you to create/record audio and MIDI tracks and arrange them on a timeline as a typical music editing tool. In addition, your band members can also help you edit the same project by adding and editing their tracks. 
  
 Uses flights information to detect geo-positional, speed and time anomalies and predict them.This first stage was focused on analyzing flights between LA and NY, assessing the flight path and to detect abnormal movements in flight in relation to its geo-position and heading.We got two different features.1) The first allows us to view the history of flights and find anomalous points detected by NUPIC2) But we also, we want to detect if any current flight is having an anomaly, so we can inform the airline about this situation. To do this, we have created a map having real time data, it’ll notify the user if it find any anomaly. 
 Helping your young child with ADHD is hard work, and nagging him/her to “do this” or “stop that” often appears as a demanding task, especially your own children. Our game, Stappie Bird differs from the ordinary Flappy Bird in terms of playing mechanisms. With the help of OpenCV library, the game detects the position of the hand (or the object) using webcam. For a bird to flap (i.e- jump the user has to make sure his hand does not go outside the configured area. However, if the user were to keep moving his hand, the bird would just glide downwards.The mechanism above has the following benefits:   Controls Movement   Engages the Childs' Brain and Body Movement   Maintains Focus and Attention   Builds ConcentrationAND…..ITS FUN and ENTERTAINING! 
 Presenting Cafecito, a transpiler that takes in non-English Java vocabulary and compiles it down to English standard Java. We have a lexicographer within the language tools to take in Spanish, French, Polish, Mandarin, Russian, Hindi, Portuguese, Italian, Korean and many more. It is intuitive to add languages, and a large set of the Java standard library is supported out of the box. Now our tutorials can now match the code we are writing. People who speak those languages can now have greater control of their terminology and define the concepts in their languages. 
  
 Easy Retail Pay is an electronic wallet that let's an account holder store, send and receive money in a fast and secure way.With an ESR account consumers can conveniently and securely pay for multiple online / physical (micro) transactions and even transfer cash to other account holders without incurring excessive charges.Users can focus on other things rather than making trips to the bank.Merchants don't have to pay for expensive online stores or POS machines to receive payments.Merchants don't have to keep huge amount of cash in their shops which can be unsafe.Users can easily prefund their account through bank deposit or Gift Tokens gotten from other users or designated Token MerchantsGift Tokens can easily be converted to cash at any Token Merchant shopDevelopers can freely integrate our APIs on their web/mobile app for in app purchases, subscription renewal and other forms of payment settlement.Users can leverage on our marketplace and Escrow system to conveniently exchange mobile recharge cards/airtime.Consumers with low funds can purchase goods on credit from businessesBusinesses have access to consumers creditworthiness and can make decisions on who to give goods on creditKey FeaturesGift Tokens for seamless payment settlementEscrow SystemTransaction GeoTaggingRescue Buyout 
  
 It Identify at a glance were add-ons are adding workflow conditions, validators and post functions. Also in every workflow operation you can check which add-ons they belong .​What's next for JIRA SearcherThis add-on has a huge amount of growing possibilities, the first one will be to search fields not just by description but by name and other fields.Built WithjavajavascriptTry it outmarketplace.atlassian.com      Submitted to    Atlassian Codegeist 2016    Created by  Leo DíazAtlassian Consultant at DEISERDavid GarciaDeiser's Product ManagerCarlos Fernandez 
 PROS provides operations floor engineers the ability to:Reconfigure and simulate operations virtually in 3D for work orders and the transitions between work orders,View Efficiency Analyzer information associated with the work order operations, Forecast the completion date and time for a work order given the current operations configuration, andRun simulations for what-if scenarios. 
 The skill first needs an account link (login data for the ip voice mail system). Then it can query the number of messages (status), give information about a single specific message and can even play the recorded voice. 
 The device is really quite simple. An ALS patient rests the arduino board on their hand. Whenever they touch a certain part of the device, the accelerometer is activated. They then move their hands in specified directions depending on what they need. As an example, if they move their hand a little to the right, our program translates that to wanting water. This data is then uploaded online for the caretaker of the patient to see (so they know exactly what their patient needs). The device uses a photoresistor to activate the accelerometer. Once the accelerometer is activated, it records the (x,y,z) coordinates. It then waits for an additional 6 seconds and remeasures the (x,y,z) coordinates. It calculates the delta difference between the respective coordinates (x2-x1, y2-y1, z2-z1) and checks for differences. All this data is sent to python scripts that analyze the motion. The delta values are then conditionally matched to some pre-defined gestures. From there, the gestures are printed online to a website. This allows both the person at the location to know exactly what the patient needs and for one that is in a remote place (ex. the wife of Mr.Mittal who was at the market). 
  
 Entertain your guests by having a robot drive over your dinner table and pour drinks for them. 200% messier, but 500% more entertainment :D Control the car using an IR remote and it will pour your drink automatically 
  
                        - Sends push notifications to all pilgrims (Religious Advises, Alerts, Appointments and Events,...)                       - Using Hajjy AR mobile application Hardly will make anyone of the Pilgrims lose their way back to wherever their place was. because of google maps api integration and the application also is granted the permission to ask the pilgrim to turn on his location so that the application could direct him to wherever the place desired by the Pilgrim. as well the difference distance between the source and the desired destination.         
  
  
  
 Connects people to mentor and be mentored, helping everyone to growth.This platform match and connects people based on their knowledge levels and languages they talk.Through the Mentorik web page you are able to register with the FB Login tool, fill out information about the languages you talk and skills you're interested on. Then the magic starts, we will find you possible matches that shares the same languages than you speak, and has similar level of knowledge. You can help someone with lower level of knowledge, and be helped from someone with higher level of knowledge. Then you're able to connect with your mentor/mentoree through Messenger.Also with the friendly Mentorik chatbot you could learn about been an mentor or mentoree, like best practices, will guide you as a mentor/mentoree. 
 When you speak, our app listens to what you are saying and actively translates what you say into text that we can use to execute a sequence of configurable keystrokes or mouse movements. 
  
 W.A.D.R. connects charities directly to communities that need assistance. Likewise, W.A.D.R. provides its users to charities that have signed up to assist the community and have indicated what resources are available during times of need. W.A.D.R. focuses on the availability of resources such as food, water, shelter, and clothing during times of need.Our database is updated by charities on a regular basis. We use geo-location to find out the nearest resources to match to the user's needs.  
  
 Here we worked on an elegant solution that can create charts with simple clicks and queries. There are different types of graphs that are available in this application. You can simply create variables, map them with queries and that's all! Now you can use values from these variables in your graph to create one or more traces. You can create different graphs such as simple line graph, heatmaps and other more complex ones. You can create as many as variables you want and use them in your chart. Further you can extend the design and look of your chart with the design tools. These tools also allow you to export the chart. After exporting, you can showcase the charts anywhere (on your website, presentations, etc.) 
 Liberdata starts by using the user's credentials and local chrome data to collect the majority of their relevant personal data from the internet. This includes visited websites, google searches, emails, YouTube history,  and even Facebook and Reddit activity. From there, we leveraged Google Cloud NLP programs to synthesize this data into common themes and interests. Both the raw data and the analysis is presented the user to provide them full knowledge of their online data. Finally, based on market research, we estimate the annual price the user could earn from their data and use the Capital One API to pair them with data brokers who match their top interest. 
 Instead of having completely separate forms for portfolio projects and hackathon submissions, there's now only 1 form for creating a project whether you do it from your portfolio or while submitting to a hackathon.When submitting to a hackathon, you're presented with a "project picker" page that allows you to create a new project, or submit an existing project to a hackathon with the click of a button. The only additional form fields that need to be filled out are those that are specific to that particular hackathon (such as your table number).We also improved the questions on the form itself, re-writing all the fields and including prompts to help hackers describe their project in the best way.Challenges we ran into1. Don't break our existing submission flow.This feature affects the most critical point of a hackathon on our platform: submitting your project. Because we always have hackathons live with open submission periods, we couldn't release this like a normal feature (where it's deployed and enabled sitewide) because it would break hackathons with open submission periods. So we deployed this improvement using a "feature" that we can enable on a per hackathon basis. All new hackathons get the feature enabled by default, and we'll migrate existing/old hackathons one by one when it's safe to do so. This also meant we had to continue to maintain the old submission flow, while building out this new flow.2. Merge 2 project concepts (portfolio projects and hackathon submissions) into 1 project concept.One of the technical issues that we ran into was the fact that hackathon submissions and portfolio projects have been stored in the database as two separate entities, and have diverged over time. This meant that we could not just map one to the other due to differences in column names and associations. 3. Our system must know the state of the project at the hackathon deadline (for fair judging), but the user can continue to edit their project after the deadline.Portfolio projects are designed to be a living entity that evolve over time. In contrast, hackathon submissions need to be a snapshot of a project at a given moment in time: the submission deadline of the hackathon. We had to set up our system so that hackers can continue to edit their project forever, but hackathon judges/managers can see a "snapshot" of the project at the time of the deadline for judging.What's nextContinue to convert all hackathons on Devpost to use this new submission flow.Review metrics – are a higher % of people completing the start a project --> submit project flowGather qualitative feedback from users Have feedback on the process of adding a project to your portfolio or submitting to a hackathon? Let us know in the comments!Built Withcss3html5mysqlrubyruby-on-rails    Created by  Gave up months of my life to save our hackers multiple minutes during the submission process.Matthew GerriorSenior Software Engineer @ DevpostyoloStefano BallabeniWhat about your short game? :frog:I made it look awesome.Elle MundyHacker × English major. Freelance web developer.If anything about this new submission flow is confusing, you can blame me. Please tell me how we can make it better :)Holly TiwariProduct Manager & Designer at DevpostI mostly yelled a lot during code reviews.Ross KaffenbergerI write code and race in triathlons.Jon Panelmix 
 Handy Signbot is a tool that translates voice to sign language, displayed using a set of prosthetic arms. It is a multipurpose sign language device including uses such as: a teaching model for new students, a voice to sign translator for live events, or simply a communication device between voice and sign. 
 The app talks to the arduino which will be later replaced by a micro-controller. This connection will be responsible for managing the home or office electrical appliances. 
 Pixel Kanvas is a real-time collaborative HTML5 Canvas used to build pixel art on your own or with a friend! The massive grid can be explored to see the creations of others too! You can move around the grid by zooming, panning, or jumping to any location on the grid, allowing you to share your work with friends! 
  
  
  
 SaveWatts helps your purchase decision by showing the financial and socio-economic impact of choosing one model over an other. By knowing the long term cost of different appliances, you not only save money, but also help light up schools, health units or households. 
 We built and smart AC system that also saves water, as you can see in the video we can save up to 9 gallons of water a day. Even more if we optimize our condensation process. We use ARTIK10 to connect an standard air conditioning system with our own secure servers (try it on econtioner.me) via an MQTT protocol, we process information as temperature, humidity and most important the amount of water we save and its purity. We also add extra features to your standar AC system, you can program patters into the Econditioner, so that you also save energy. It learns from your ussage and can send you alerts if you are out of your house and left it on.A global solution 
 Stranded in the Expanse is sci-fi, action adventure experience that gamifies fitness. You use your Fitbit tracker device to help you progress in the game. The game encourages health and physical activity by giving the player in-game credit that they can use to upgrade their player's ship, in reward for steps counted on their Fitbit tracker. The online platform that makes this all possible runs on top of OpenShift's online platform.Players download the app from Google Play, install it, run it, and hit the register button to register a free account.They then do a 'once-off' hook up of their Fitbit account, to their Stranded in the Expanse account and perform an update of their Fitbit stats at least once a day.They login to the game using their registered details whenever they wish to play, and the game automatically converts any steps they have completed on Fitbit into 'energy credits' in the game, which they can use to upgrade their player's ship, and improve it.The aim of the game is to re-fuel your stranded ship by harvesting energy crystals in space. Once the player has harvested the required amount, they are able to play the end-game sequence and return home.Whenever the player wants more / better upgrades for their ship, the incentive is there for them to go out and walk/run with their Fitbit device! 
  
 At its roots visionOS is an operating system running inside the JCDecaux bus stop. It provides the essential API services to let ad creators access data from various sensors like camera, motion tracking and thermometers. In addition, visionOS makes it possible to include third party API's into the app like Deezer, Snapchat or Swarm.All uploaded ads to the JCDecaux content server are then uploaded to the bus stations running visionOS. Ads have metadata configured before it is uploaded to the JCDecaux CMS. The data defines to which stations it must be sent (Finland, Sweden, France, Germany … maybe all. It is possible to configure targeting on the per-station basis). Vision OS runs the ads one by one and checks two conditions (questions).Should the ad be shown at this moment of time?What is the money proposal for being shown?The add to be shown is analysing the environment by using visionOS sensors API. The criteria includes: Location and recent news (near a conference?) -----> show a car adWeather ---> raining ? -----> show umbrellasBuses are late? ----->  Show a car ad if people are at the stopAnd any other criterias, the advertiser wants to consider. Apps have full access to the Internet and can evaluate any condition to get their value proposition right. The content and the way how IOT and third party API's are used are up to developer what generates a great space for creativity. 
 All you have to do is to logon to our official website and register with your Telegram ID. There will be two choices available. You can either choose your desired meal timing and location and leave the allocation of your table to us or you can choose to join an existing table with an already specified meal timing and location. A telegram bot will then be created to act as a point-of-contact between you and your matched table mates. You can send queries such as "/status" and "/leave" to the bot to check the status of your current table or leave the table. 
 SDaaS is a cloud provider for serving steering instructions to self-driving cars from camera images.How We Built ItThe integral component of our project is an N series GPU-enabled VM hosted on Microsoft Azure. This allowed us to efficiently train a convolutional neural network (Identical to Nvidia's End to End Learning) to control our project. To show the extensibility of our API, we used an open source car simulator called The Open Racing Car Simulator (TORCS) that interfaced with the backend that we had created before. The backend is a Python socket server that processes calls and replies to image frames with steering angles.Challenges we ran intoBeing inexperienced with C++, many of our hours was spent looking through countless pages of documentation and Stack Overflow forums to fix simple bugs.Setting up sockets along with a connection from the C++ code proved to be very difficult. Accomplishments that we're proud ofWe managed to setup almost all of the features that we had proposed in the beginning.What's next for SDAAS- Self Driving As A ServiceSince we only had a virtual simulator for testing purposes, perhaps next time we may use a real car.Built Withc++pythonTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    McHacks 2017    Created by  I implemented a CNN using tensorflow, imitating Nvidia's deep learning paper, all trained on an Azure N series VM.  I also used python to create a backend for the sockets server in the API. I also troubleshooted the virtualization software that we were using, which was a very difficult time since it was my first time using C++. Jaden WangRaymond ChenCloud Developer and Entrepreneur  
  
 Take a picture of any edible item, regardless of whether it is packaged or not, and receive and track nutritional data. Using image recognition, Kenko allows you to track your daily intake of various nutrients including calories, sodium, cholesterol, etc. The application also has Apple Health Kit integration, allowing the app to store your health info in a centralized location. In addition, when you scan a food item, you also have the option of ordering more of that food item from a local restaurant. 
  
  
 You have to be near a pothole to have your current location saved and reported unto the map.  
  
 QuickSeek is a chrome extension that allows you to easily search and navigate through a YouTube video, you can quickly find and watch only parts of the video that contain words you are looking for.The Chrome extension uses Amazon Transcribe to make the audio searchable and Amazon Comprehend to perform sentiment analysis on the transcript. 
 With this website, local farmers in Quebec can enroll their farm in our online marketplace and sell their products directly to consumers. Fresh vegetables, fruits, and dairy and maple products are posted online, and buyers can have their desired foods delivered right to their door. 
  
 Viate provides relief from panic attacks by transporting its users to a relaxing environment. We introduce a technique called Grounding to the users. Grounding consists of making users aware of their environment while having panic attacks. Since users are focusing on specific objects, it helps slow down their racing thoughts. 
 Using a directional antenna and custom software to analyze signal strength, we were able to develop an algorithm that would use gathered, real-time data to search a 3D Space for routers. 
 Instead of having bots in a play field to act autonomously, a central server with a god view of the play field controls them by dispatching commands to each of the bots. This greatly reduces the cost and complexity of the set up, as each bot no longer needs to be fitted with a wide array of expensive sensors, and the server only requires a camera.The god view is attained by having unique AR markers indicating landmarks in the play field, such as the corners of the play field, the bots, and objects for the bots to interact with. By normalizing the images detected due to the markers and doing some math, the server can calculate exact movements required by the bots, and dispatch them to the bots. 
  
 Picturize is an app that can take notes for you on virtually anything! Create short paragraphs, paragraphs, or bullet points from a picture of a text (textbook, newspaper, newsletter, magazine, article, screenshots etc.) all in seconds! Literally, all you need to do is point your camera at a page in a textbook and then Picturize will analyze the page, pinpoint the most important parts of the text in the picture, and will give you the option either to read those notes or to let it dictate the notes for you. 
  
 CardLink allows users to link Trello cards on the same board. Easily group and identify relationships to optimise your planning process.Trello is the perfect tool for planning everything from you product launch plan to your dream vacation. However, with any project or plan there are always subtasks or related activities that should be grouped together. Now with one click, you can enable bilateral linking within a Trello board to create and identify parent and child cards with ease. Set up and onboarding in under one minute!With Card Link you can:Create parent and child relationships Identify relationships between cards Search and link cards within secondsToggle between two linked cards Popular use cases:Wedding planners can group cards that are all related to different activities such as "flowers," "menu," "photography" Developers using Trello as a Kanban board can link "tasks" to "sub-tasks" for more efficient and concise sprint planning Vacationers planning a European holiday can group activities, hotels, or landmarks of certain cities Marketing teams can link at the items related to a product launch, such as "blog post," "social media promotion," and "sales enablement Challenges we ran intoThe main technical challenges we had during the project were mainly related to the fact that none of us had any prior experience developing Trello Power Ups. Basically we started from the very beginning doing the Hello World tutorial. We had to spend time analyzing the Trello APIs.We also had to kind of rethink the normal development process we normally use in Adaptavist (one repo and different git branches), due to the fact that we needed a server hosting all of our front-end code. To do that each of us had to fork their own personal copy of the main repository. We then used those to host code for dev testing purposes. The main repository was where we hosted and stored stable code.Figuring out what type of module we should use to display the links was tricky. There is no module for adding a general panel to the Trello card, so we spent some time choosing a solution.Some of the APIs to store data on the cards were limited at the time and didn't allow us to do operations on different cards and boards. During the Connect Week in Austin, talking to the guys from Trello, we were informed that these API are about to be more powerful, what is really good news.What we learnedIt is very easy to start building power ups for Trello. The documentation is comprehensive and it is possible to start developing even without a backend or any remote services.What's next for CardLinkIn true agile fashion, we're releasing V1 for Codegiest with plans to grow the Power-up's functionality in the months to come. We're looking for user feedback to find ways we can provide more value and help users truly harness the power of creating relationships in Trello.Built Withcsshtmljavascript      Submitted to    Atlassian Codegeist 2017    Created by  I am the project lead and one of the developers on this project. I worked to prioritize the backlog as well as working to help develop the product.Stephen CheesleyCoding, coding and coding...Andrea RosatiMore coding, coding and coding. Also, I did make sure no one has run out of coffee :)Vitor PelizzaInfrastructure work using Terraform, S3 and CloudFrontMatt SaundersMotivation, support, freedom and the time to make it possible.Jari WorsleySuggestions and dev environment hacksJon Mort 
 Formula editor integrates a fully-fledged code editor into Microsoft Excel. You can write your formulas with all the features of modern source code applications, including auto formatting, auto completion, syntax highlighting, caching, keyboard shortcuts, and more. 
 The central platform which educate residential awareness and support every step of their solar journeys. 
 As the title of the App indicates, it is a numbers and letters puzzle game which uses the world’s most advanced technology for handwriting recognition and digital ink management.Numbers rulesThe rule is to combine the provided numbers arithmetically with the goal of producing the target number shown on the right of the screen.In order to pass the level, the result must match the target number, but it is not required to use all the provided numbers and it is permitted to use numbers which are not provided but that would effect the score.The score is calculated using the following formula:Score = FirstAttemptBonus + NumbersBonus - NumbersMalus - TimeMalus FirstAttemptBonus -> 20 stars if the game is solved in the first attempt.NumbersBonus ->  5 stars for each provided number used.NumbersMalus -> 5 stars for each Not provided number used.TimeMalus -> 1 star for each second spent.Letters rulesThe goal is to write the longest word using the provided letters, it is not requires to use all letters but it is not permitted to use letters other than the ones available. What's next for Numbers And Letters Game.Facebook integration which will enable the player to challenge friends.Online challenges which could be created by other players.The ability to create levels and challenge friends.More levels.Children version of the game.CompatibilityRequires iOS 8.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone and iPod touch.Other ideas i hadAt first i wanted to make a CNC (computer numerical controlled ) machine programming App using the MyScript Geometry Widget (GEW) which would enable CNC machines  owners to generate G-Code programs.Built Withmyscriptswift      Submitted to    MyScript App ChallengeWinner                1st Runner Up              Winner                First 50 valid submissions                  Created by  samir toumi 
 It basically tells you all the information about an element, like electronic mass, configuration, electronegativity and other 19 properties. 
  
  
 This is an app designed for General Motors vehicle and the world wide web that allows users to report sightings of clowns and help make the world a safer place. These are updated in real time and your car will warn you if you are near any sightings.  
 Medifact takes into consideration the statistical probability of having an untoward reaction to a single medication and takes the statistical probability of the combination of medications and checks if the prescribed medication combination can make you ill. If it does, Medifact recommends you see your doctor and consider switching prescriptions. 
 This app does it through the frontend using Xcode and the backend using CustomVision software  
 FaceStylr is Polyvore meets augmented reality for styling your face. Users can browse different styles, mix and create their own look sets from a selection of products—and try any of them on virtually! The platform provides Style Analytics to merchants. We track each product the user tries on, how long they try it out for - as well as which product links the user clicks through, and which look set they belong to.For merchants, FaceStylr helps you maximize meaningful user engagement time for more of your products. And for inspiring the creativity of a user-driven community for discovering and sharing looks - to create social media art with their face, based on your products.  Onboarding is FAST. Any product online with a front-facing photo can be easily added to the system.Finally, we gather for machine learning on style data for a specific set, relating to combinations of how users put on various face-wear. In the long run, as the inventory grows, the platform will evolve into an AI stylist omniscient of everything you can buy online, recommending the perfect products and look sets for your face.FaceStylr. The Augmented Reality Face Styling Platform. 
 Our extension in its first release will attempt to achieve the above story, however in a native and automated flow. Moderators (and the Broadcaster) can create a poll, with options selected from a defined list of in-game events. Viewers then vote on their preferred outcome, and the game automatically triggers the winning event. This all occurs within the Twitch ecosystem via our video overlay extension, giving the viewer, moderator and broadcaster a unified experience; Never needing to leave Twitch. 
 Baby Safe is your personal baby care assistant, an app to keep track of your baby health as well as to prevent accidental death of YOUR baby. All whilst using the thermal camera to monitor your baby without the need of being there yourself. 
  
  
 We first have our native mobile application that will render the our Homeless Data Collection App. This app will allow homeless care workers takedown vital homeless information for both their annual "Point-in-Time" count and "VI-SPDAT" assessments. Currently both form survey's are done with paper and pen and then transferred to something like excel. Secondly we have our Population Dashboard web application that will render each homeless person the state has collected data on. The first view will allow users to see each individual homeless person - their demographic information, VI-SPDAT summary and all answer values take from their Point-in-Time count. The second view will allow users to visually see the total homeless population as a whole by island. We decided to break each area by district and render each City and Council rep for their respective districts. The values that are then being rendered into each district are either Total Homeless Population or Districts at Risk Score.  
  
 The app shows the orders location on the map, according to the filters chose by the user. The idea is to help Shop owners to get a better understanding of how their products are spreading through the world. It is clear that the owner can reach a large number of clients when considering the large reputation of Shopify and the nature of the online commerce. In the map, it is shown also the location of the physical stores. So it is an excellent tool to monitor and examine the distribution of the products across the physical stores and points of distribution. All of that information can be refined using the filters that we provided. 
 It enables the API consumer to create recipes with ingredients and see the nutritional information. It also allows searching for recipes within a range of calories (energy) 
 Our project allows hackathon organizers to enter the information you would usually find in a mobile application into our web portal, and then allows hackathon attendees to view that data in our mobile app after selecting that event. 
 ATS automatically collects data from sensors and devices and when it detects something is broken or needs attention, it automatically creates a ticket and assigns it to the maintenance person closest to the problem with the expertise to handle the problem according to rules made by your company. Maintenance professionals have their own mobile app where they see their current tasks, their locations and priorities.The maintenance professional have several options. Once they receive the tickets, they can accept and start working. They can raise an issue saying they have a problem fixing the issue or assigned task. Once, they are done, they can mark the issue resolved for now. It also provides a dashboard for managerial or monitoring purposes with the list of personnel and the list of tasks assigned for each personnel. We have a plan to add many more features to both the android application and the dashboard. For now, a prototype of its working is near to complete. 
  
 It's kind of croudfundingplattform including a projectmanagement-tool. An administrator can add projects. Each projects can have unlimited tasks, which needs ressources (Money, Time, People..) A donator can navigate throught the projects and donate - on a particular project itself, or in general. 
 Our solution enables an HCO targeting a specific care process (e.g. "Discharge planning to post-hospital follow up") to quickly put together, by drag-and-drop, a Care Flow Map consisting of listener/action nodes.  This Care Flow Map guides both the patient and his/her care team members through the care process with end-user functions, including reminders, alerts, messaging, tracking, automated inputs, device connectivity, and document management, to achieve necessary care coordination and integration with IT systems such as EMRs.As it coordinates for multiple patients through their care pathways, it measures and analyzes various process metrics into process intelligence, which may be used to improve or even re-engineer the care process.  It includes process improvement tools such as A/B Testing to help achieve the optimization goals. 
 The system monitors semantic changes in a text stream, in this case in the Twitter feeds of several US Presidential candidates. The application displays anomaly scores in the stream calculated by the HTM, giving the user an indication of unusual topic changes detected in the stream. The user can then inspect the actual text in the stream using the UI to investigate the anomalies found. 
 Monthly temperature normals (average daily minimum, average daily, average daily maximum) and precipitation normals (25th percentile, median, 75th percentile) are imported into the Apache Spark environment.The data is first formatted through a series of map-reduce steps to create a vector representing the climate normals at each of the 1164 locations for 12 months, a total of 13,968 locations in space and time.These vectors are then compared to every other vector in space and time by computing the euclidian distance, a similarity metric, between the pairs.The resulting similarity values are then organized through another round of map-reduce steps to arrive at 13,968 arrays , each with 13,968 values comparing this time and place with all others (total 195,105,024 values).The results, both graphic and numeric, are presented through a mobile web application allowing the user to quickly and easily position the interactive map to the location of their choice (sorry, only continental United States this iteration!), select the month which they would like to compare against, and have the images shown, as well as explore several tables of data illustrating just where the most similar locations and times are. 
  
 PayAR is an augmented reality platform that allows users to enjoy an interactive shopping experience using their mobile device. As customers browse through the store, they can easily add items to their virtual carts through an immersive AR experience. Then, they can quickly pay for their purchase even before they collect it! Both clients and merchants are notified of the transaction through SMS. 
  
  
 Welcomed is a one-stop information hub for refugees, asylum seekers and migrants helping to overcome barriers when accessing services. 
  
 With NoQ, skip the line and save your time. The concept of our app is basically a crowdsourced effort for users to check in at any restaurant/venue when they get there and check out when they leave. With a certain amount of users, we can approximate how long the line would be in real time and people will be able to judge if they can make it or not. The main incentive for people to contribute is a points system where discounts correspond to the amount of points you have. 
 Ocean's 9000 is a story about the last Bitcoins left on Earth. They belong to the tech mogul Elon Musk and are worth over 9000, so Elon wants to protect them from intruders. That's why he hired the Cryptonians! Their job is to design the most secure crypto bank in the world, and now they need YOU to pen-test it!Try to get through the bank without stepping on the lava, hitting the triplasers, or getting hit by laser bullets. 
 AR Watch acts as a digital watch through the Google Cardboard. Four functions can be selected by the user while one functions runs at all times. The first function tells the time like a normal watch. The second function is a weather function which tells the current temperature for the city the AR Watch is in. The third function tells the date like a calendar. The last user selected function is to display a Bing map centered on the user's location. The function which runs at all times is the battery indicator. 
 The VR world we created presents three exercises that test different diagnostic criteria for ADHD: Restlessness: Three concentric cylinders surround the user and confine him/her in a very tight space. User will be bombarded with distractions outside the cylinders (such as flashing lights & moving objects), but is instructed to stay still in the exact same position (without moving outside the cylinders).Ability to concentrate while performing a task that involves sustained mental effort: User has to connect the dots and solve a maze without touching the sides of the maze.Reaction time: The user has to respond to flashing dots appear and disappear on the screen.  
  
  
  
 სწორედ ამ სურვილისა და საჭიროების შესავსებად, გადავწყვიტეთ შევქმნათ პლათფორმა, რომელიც ერთმანეთს დააკავშირებს საერთო იტნერესის მქონე ადმაიანებს სტატიების კოლექციებით.თუ Medium.com  აკავშირებს ხალხს სტატიებით და ისტორიებით, ჩვენ სტატიების კოლექციით ერთი თემის ირგვლივ.მომხმარებელს შეეძლება შექმნას საკუთარი პროფილი (bundle.io/temurleng), მარტივი ედითორის დახმარებით მოახდენს მისთვის საინტერესო ლინკების ალოკაციას ერთსივრცეში და გაუზიარებს სხვებს.ჩვენ შევქმენით flexible template ლინკების კოლექციებისათვის. კოლექციის სათაურისა და აღწერის დაწერის გარდა მოხოლოდ ლინკების დამატებაა საჭირო, რადროსაც სისტემა ავოტმატურად ჩასვამს პლათფორმაზე  სათაურს, სურათს და მის აღწერას. (დიდიჰაკი ამნაწილში არარის, თუმცა ლინკების ალოკაციის პროცესი გავამარტივეთ საგრძნობლად ამჟამად არსებული მსგავსი გადაწყვეტილებებისგან განსხვავებით)მკითხველებს კი შეუძლიათ შესთავაზონ თემატური სტატია კოლექციის შემქნელს, დაუსუბსქრაიბდნენ მეილის საშუალებით და მიიღონ განახლებები. რა არ ვართ?Getpocket -  private სივრცეა, ლინკების ერთთემაში ალოკაცია მხოლოდ Tagების მხრივ არის შესაძლებელი, სხვების ვერუზიარებ. მეილ სისტემა და subscribe გარემო ამპალთფორმაზე არგვხვდება.Gibbon - გიბონი ფოკუსირებულია გუნდს, ქომუნითის შორის edu სტატიების გაშეარებით. ედითორი და გარემო არ არის ფოკუსირებული პერსონებზე, რომლებსაც სურთ საერთო ინტერესების მქონე ადამიანების წრე გაზაროდოს.Mailchimp - private სივრცე, არ არის პეროსნლაური პროფილი, საჭიროა templateის დიზაინი/კოდი რომელიც sucks. 
  
 The Story Quality Add-On for JIRA checks and shows the quality of user stories.Its purpose is to help development teams identify and improve low quality and not-yet-ready stories,and possibly avoid starting progress on them.The add-on consists of a custom field and a workflow validator.Custom fieldThe Story Quality calculated field displays a rating of the overall quality of user stories. The field is sortable and searchable, and the rating is an integer value between 0% and 100%, based on different criteria consisting of the INVEST principles and other indicators. The overall rating is a weighed average of these indicators.A greater value indicates a more concise, complete, precise, and clear user story. The general idea is that the closer this value is to 100%, the more likely it is that the story is ready to start progress on, resulting in a more efficient process.In short, this rating gives team members an understanding of the quality and readiness of their stories.Workflow validatorThe Story Quality validator blocks all "In Progress" or "Start Progress" transitions for non-administrator users (by default) for user stories that have insufficient quality rating, that is, points less than the minimum specified for the project. This helps ensure that the team is working only on stories that are ready for development.IndicatorsThe indicators are rating the quality of a story (a JIRA issue of type "Story") based on different criteria. These criteria are designed from a developers' point of view, because their work is impacted first hand by the quality of the stories.An indicator is calculating a point between 0% and 100% (inclusive), where 0% means the lowest, and 100% means the highest quality. The calculation can be any mathematical formula, but most indicator implementations are starting with maximum points (100%) and then giving penalty points for problems they find.See detailed description of indicator calculations in the readme. 
 TSOLife is an online platform where users can craft the story of their lives. For a one-time fee, a user's personal history is hosted and maintained forever through a perpetual funding model leveraging cloud storage. On TSOLife's beautifully simple and integrated platform, stories, videos, photos, and memories can be preserved for future generations, allowing the user to leave behind a personal legacy. The stories can be categorized, and will also be placed on a timeline of events and on an interactive global map. Users also have the feature option of creating their own family tree and personal network linking with past and future members of their family.A feature that fully captures our vision and embodies our idea of connecting to the future and past is the "wish I were there" feature. This unique function allows members to write a specialized message, record a video, and/or upload an audio file that can be delivered on a specific date or event in the future. For example, a personal message can be sent to a great grandchild, on his or her high school graduation day, or to a child on their 50th anniversary. TSOLife ensures the preservation of family memories and emotional connections and ties the past, present, and future together in a beautiful ever-changing story.Challenges we ran intoA primary challenge we ran into, was that we wanted a way to ensure our users that the information would be hosted forever and find a way to make that financially sustainable. We were able to develop a onetime fee pricing model that allowed us to calculate the cost of host information forever and by determining the net present value of the information stored and charging based on that number. We believe that once history is online it should be free to view for future generations and friends.Accomplishments that we're proud ofMajor Accomplishments and Awards:•2015: Carins Foundation Innovation Challenge winner•2015: Score Biz Fest winner•2015: Met Kickstarter funding goal•2015: Florida Venture Form finalisthttp://www.cultofmac.com/400088/tsolife-is-a-place-where-your-story-can-live-long-after-you-do/#more-400088http://www.news-journalonline.com/article/20150905/NEWS/150909709http://www.orlandosentinel.com/business/technology/tech_check/os-stetson-story-telling-app-launch-20151019-post.htmlWhat we learnedWe learned that nursing home residents in the United States have the highest concentration of depression. One in two residents in a nursing home are clinically depressed. We conducted a literature review on the therapeutic and depression reducing effects of reminiscence therapy. TSOLife is a unique platform that it not only serves as a tool for reminiscence therapy, but as a tool to get family members more involved in the lives of those in nursing homes. We recognize that TSOLife is not only in a position to make a major impact on the genealogy industry as a whole, but also has a larger social impact.What's next for TSOLifeThere are still a lot of features we are planning on adding over the upcoming months. We want to further integrate this platform with the social medias currently being used. The primary focus for the upcoming months is we want to work with our user base and make this as enjoyable of a experience as possible. One of the primary benefits of being a group young tech savvy is that we are capable making improvements quickly and responding to feedback.Built WithlaravelTry it outtsolife.com      Submitted to    RootsTech Innovator Showdown    Created by  david sawyerStella Parris 
 A landing page for NGOs, in this case, a Brazilian NGO dedicated to Nepalese children, to help them fundraise, build awareness, and spread hope 
  
 HappyHour initially asks users for a couple of inputs: height, weight, and gender. These parameters will be used to calculate the blood-alcohol-content (BAC). BAC is a universal measurement of the alcohol in an individual's system. It is a complex equation that our application simplified for each individual personally. From then onwards, users can specify a '+' or a '-' button, allowing them to keep track of how many drinks they've had with a click of a button. The BAC accordingly updates and creates a vibration, reminding them about their drinks. When the BAC is above 0.08 (the legal threshold for drunk driving), HappyHour creates a longer vibration, indicating that the user should take an Uber home. A click on the select button will trigger an http request that the pebble sends to our node.js server, where we use Uber and Twilio API to text the user information on the nearest Uber, time required to take them home, and estimated price. Challenges We ran intoDeveloping on Pebble Time was a learning curve at some points, especially when we were having trouble uploading color resources and performing GET http requests to send longitude and latitude data. Accomplishments that We are proud ofWe are definitely proud of parsing through the Uber JSON API data, as well as setting up Pebble Time to perform GET XMLHttp requests and extract information from that to obtain the geographic coordinates of the Pebble. The entire process of getting user-selected data and displaying the BAC in real time was also difficult, but we've learned a lot in the process!What's next for HappyHourWe hope to clean up the user interface code a bit (it's difficult to have good coding habits at hackathons!). We also hope to be releasing the app for othesrs to see and use. Built Withnode.jspebblesquarespacetwiliouberTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    Hack the North 2015Winner                Uber API                  Created by  Frank ChenUCLA Computer Science '17Ruthie JohnsonI'm currently a junior at UCLA studying Mathematics and Computer Science.  
 The connector is responsible for mirroring node's state to the Eth. network (via contract). The connector itself is implemented as efficient state channel with ability to perform several operations in the same time in both directions. 
 Our application takes an accented audio as input, runs our accent-conversion algorithm and produces the desired accent as output so that we can understand the other person better. Our product currently supports Voice and Video Calls. 
 Colorful blocks are arranged to solve programming challenges. Levels have a brief lesson and show the correct output. Users write code using the wooden blocks to create the same output. 
 Our GuageLand Project is fully open source and connects to FOSSASIA technologies. It applies gamification to tackle challenges related to indigenous languages. 
 The Dank Meme Generator is an application that generates random dank memes. Our Dank Meme Generator is backed by a machine-learning model that learns how to generate caption text appropriate to the style of the meme. Users can click "Generate!" to receive a never-before-seen meme randomly created by our model in real-time. 
 HackSat consists of a prototype for a CubeSat blueprint which will allow anyone who wants to do any experimentation up in outer space to avoid worrying about how to send data or how to provide energy and start thinking about which data will be sent and when they will sent it.It is also worth noticing that everything will be released under an Open Source License 
 Singularity is a simple yet powerful tool that make creational process of new music easier for music producers and vocalists, even unprofessionals just like you and me creating own music.It’s dead simple and elegant: just sing to your computer, and you can see score and lyrics synced, in real time, as if a trained musician is scribbling score, just for you. It is more than a recorder and a score generator combined in one…it generates production-ready scores, lyrics. A beautiful tool itself is inspirational.You can sing your song in almost any language. 
 The system I developed tries to integrate data from two devices namely an insulin pump and a continuous glucose monitor (CGM) every 5 minutes and uses the insulin intake and BG data to predict what the BG levels will be in the next 2 hours. If the predicted BG is too high then an SMS text message is sent to the care giver suggesting an insulin dose and if the predicted BG is too low then a text message is sent suggesting low treatment to the care giver. No SMS message is sent if the predicted BG is within range. This system could be expanded to integrate other information like activity, heart rate and ambient temperature all of which have an impact on the BG levels. 
 Life moves too fast, bombarding us with too much information, tempting us with too many distractions from what really matters. That’s why it is so essential to make an effort once to make our lives easier forever!Think of you lying on the bed feeling like falling asleep but you have to get up to turn the lights off. Bruh. Just imagine that you don’t have to do it anymore! All you need to do is just point your hand to the light bulb and voila! People are too lazy to control the lights manually! We want to help them by automating the whole process and giving the user a really frictionless control. After all, let’s be honest. What can be cooler than a possibility to “rule” the lighting with an elegant hand movement just like Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore did?The solutionHow wonderful it would be if we could add some magic to our non-magic lives!What we offer is controling lightning system effortlessly  just with hand pointing up at a light bulb!For the solution we use camera and artificial intelligence to analyze gestures and REST API to manage the lights. How does it workAs simple as you can imagine: when a person points to light bulb it just inverts its state - turns on, or turns off accordingly.Video demonstration 1: https://youtu.be/snDutNGH348Video demonstration 2: https://youtu.be/EJGipiplMSMThe techClientPython application which:Connect to camera and read frames using OpenCV.Send HTTP requests with needed frames to the server with pose estimator.Switch the light accordingly to server's responses using Helvar REST API.ServerPython Docker Service which:Get HTTP requests with frames.Estimate pose of persons on them using PyTorch machine learning model. (State of the art paper “Realtime Multi-Person 2D Pose Estimation using Part Affinity Fields”)Determines if some hand directed to the bulb using algorithm based on vector algebra.Send HTTP response to the client.Repository: https://gitlab.com/Alpus/junction_2017Challenges we ran intoWe faced with challenge to match predicted pose with light we want to control, after few experiments we decided to use a line between a shoulder and an arm, computing the length of the shoudler-elbow and shoulder-arm we can understand that a person wants to switch the light on/off.What's next for HandyLightAs technology achieves great progress in machine learning, the idea of smart homes is starting to materialize. Nowadays there is a lot of amazing project for making our home easy and cozy. Obviously, the light is essential part of every home. That’s why our idea is to make light not usual process of turning on/off the lights, but simplified version of it wich works with hand motion.We hope that during the judging  we will get inspiring suggestions or feedback on our project.Built WithdockerflaskhttpnumpyopencvpythonpytorchTry it outgitlab.com      Submitted to    Junction 2017    Created by  I built and ran Docker services for server and client and implemented communication between them.Pushin AlexanderPavel VoropaevI enjoy hacking and meet new people!Anton LebedevDmitry LevinKarina GasparianInspired by new challenges! 
 EyePhone aims at early detection of cataract so that quick remedial measures can be taken, in order to avoid unprecedented blindness. EyePhone also tries to provide quick solutions to its user, if they are detected in the cataract prone zone. EyePhone also tries to forewarn its users about the possibility of cataract if their results fall in the false positive set. All in all, EyePhone is a smart and sophisticated machine learning application (powered by android) the tries to use the best of both the worlds. This application can be downloaded and used, by any user, to check for the presence of cataract in their eye-lens, get educated about the causes and symptoms of cataract, and access quick remedial solutions. 
  
 We created a system that reads a unique RFID tag which corresponds to a  medical record file stored on the google cloud.   
 Super Creature Showdown tests your math skills in a fun, 3 round battle to determine each creature's Strength, Speed and Smarts. In each round you answer by saying which creature had the greater score. In the 4th, and final, Showdown round you add up the scores for each round and say the winning creature's score. At the end of each game a fun fact is revealed about the Showdown winner.In keeping with the tradition of Jack's lunch box games, I wanted Super Creature Showdown to have a physical component. Each Showdown has a companion PDF that can be printed and used as a game board to keep score. Showdowns can be downloaded from SuperCreatureShowdown.com 
  
  
  
  
 -Summarizes ongoing issues and concerns of society in a clear , unbiased and concise way.-Queries the user on his interests and views on various subjects (environment, gender equality, ethnic equality, justice , immigration , veterans  etc. ).-Informs the user on what politician/congress man aligns more on her/his views according to the answers s/he gave on a survey. 
 A capacitive touch-sensor on the gun triggers a signal to be sent via a bluetooth module on an Arduino board. The bluetooth signal reaches a node.js server that triggers an SMS to be sent to a phone number registered with the gun. The status of all firearms registered with a gun owner can be viewed via an angular.js web application. 
 Pelorus is a simple yet highly-effective planning tool that helps reaching goals in a way of successive approximations (based on Dynamic programming).It’s not actually a to-do list, but you can use it to improve to-do list compilation. It’s about decomposing strategic goals into a series of simple steps. On each step you can review your actual state vector for each goal and plan next steps accordingly. This way you can track your achievements on a regular basis and keep yourself up. 
  
 With one tap, the user is able to listen to any article from playlists, trending articles of the day, and different genres from top news sources, in order to give the users the latest news on the go. Unlike other news app where users have to scroll through articles to read them, Confucius allows the user to LISTEN to an article. With our hands-free news app, we give users so much more than just news. We give users the freedom to be informed while on the go. 
 It polls a given set of nodes by PING periodically. Then, record its response times, and which are fed to PhiFailureDetector and HTMAnomalyDetector to detect an important event to watch out.Please refer to Concept on my project for details.Case StudyThe case study I have investigated was done on a 6 nodes Cloudian HyperStore(S3 object storage) cluster. You can simply think of it as a distributed file system with a web interface. All the HTTP requests were routed to cloudian-node1, then distributed among 6 storage services. The traffic pattern I used was a constantly high traffic for this cluster, which would produce an error if some more requests had been added.To make it overloaded, a temporal random traffic surge was added every hour. Then, as expected, 6 errors were observed as follows.Now, the first question is if this tool could have provided a useful information based on anomaly score by HTM before they happened.The followings are examples against node1 taken on node3.HTM inputs, log10 of response time in micro seconds, looked like this.This looks there is no direct indication of such an error. For example, around 6:50, there were 4 503 errors. But no particular spike there. There could be a hidden pattern, but may be not. Let's see.And this is the distribution. 2.5 is around 300 micro seconds.PhiFailureDetector shows a server health. It is below 1.0, if it is fine. The lower, the better. You can set a horizontal line(threshold) to identify a bad node.Here, as you can see, there are so many high values over 1.0. Some spikes are even beyond 10(0.0000001%). This indicates that the server was under high load.A PHI value is a good indication of server health, but simply lowering a threshold doesn't really help. For example, if you would set 2.0, the first alarm could have been given around 22:10, followed by many more alerts. You may try 5.0 to avoid too many alarms. But you still have no idea if this is OK or not. HTMAnomalyDetector allows you to see a vertical line instead of a horizontal line(threshold), which indicates an anomaly, the time when unexpected pattern was observed against its prediction(max in the next 30 seconds).As you can see, HTM detected whenever a pattern has changed.ConclusionCloud Sonar is not an oracle, so can not tell when an error could happen. But Cloud Sonar is confirmed that it can give an anomaly whenever a pattern changes.If you look back a pattern when your server got overloaded, then you'll see the first point that became higher than its usual pattern. And it must be the first possible point you could be notified.So, the best way to deal with an unexpected event is to know as soon as possible when a change is observed. And it is what Cloud Sonar can provide. 
  
 Foot In The Door is a platform that links unestablished skilled migrants with established skilled migrants for mentorship and referall purposes and to businesses for internships and employment opportunities.Unlike existing job platforms and internship programs or platforms, Foot In The Door leverages community support from professionals and nurtures development of migrants and refugees in an accessible manner with a human focus. 
 It, simply, matches people to the best careers suitable for them.To be more in-depth, it:Captures details about a user's personaDetermines the most suitable careers for said userSuggests those careers to the user, but allows the user to override them and choose what they love. 
 UiPath Bot calling Bot framework aims to function as a workload manager for robots by distributing transactions across available robots even across multiple tenants and orchestrators 
 WalkSafe's goal is to offer people who might feel uncomfortable walking alone a solution they can take with them everywhere. By letting the application know your itinerary, WalkSafe is able to alert an emergency contact of the user's choice if ever something were to happen. Knowing that someone is aware of your travels can alleviate much of the anxiety experienced when walking alone. We hope to allow every user of WalkSafe to feel at ease when going out or finishing work late. 
 My Schedule is a scheduling extension that allows broadcasters to create interactive schedules for their streams. What makes this scheduling extension unique is that it also allows the viewers to participate by providing feedback on specific events through polls and suggestion, it also allows the streamer to earn bits from viewers as they vote and send suggestions.The broadcaster creates a schedule from the configuration panel and can also attach polls to it. Attaching polls to events will be useful as it would allow the broadcaster to get the viewers opinion on specific events, for example, a broadcaster can create a poll for tomorrow and ask, "Which Game Should I play?", or poll viewers to get a response for the best time to stream on a specific day, because times zones different and a streamer will what to stream at the right time, the polling feature can be used in so many other scenarios. The other cool feature this extension has is that it allows viewers to use bits to send suggestions on specific events. broadcasters can customize the color of the panel to suit the brand. 
 It is loaded with order data, search data, and customer data in order to produce heatmaps of SKU popularity, graphs of most popular terms, recommendations based on other customers searches, search clickthrough rate, real time fraud mapping, and anything else you can think of!! 
 Web Sanitizer is a chrome plugin which classifies the images in the page as adult and violent, using deep learning and if flagged replaces it with a pre-set image. It preserves the page layout and doesn't block the whole site. The deep learning algorithm is done by the API provided by Clarifai.  
 Intelligent Sensor Data Analysis to Identify Emergency conditions. • Full duplex context based near field entity searching and notification to provide real time relief • Utilize historical statistics to optimize the help timing and insurance investigation process • Notify next alternate traffic path using context API to the other travelers in case of emergency • Integrated Genband communication as a service API for building a real time multimedia (Audio, video, text and gesture) n-way mesh channel to provide real time relief• Call controlling and routing within organization and end users • Real Time Insurance and Financial Transactions in IOT • Live Stream Recording and Predictive analysis • Context base Social Sharing, Reviews and Rewards 
 Provide a platform for people to securely store their files. Files are encrypted (with the original file discarded), and the secret decryption key (which is also later discarded) is split into shares which are essentially "keys" that, when enough are put together, allow for the original key to be recovered. Gaining access to the files requires an adjustable number of shares that are combined together to form the final secret. For example, if the number of shares is set to 5 and the threshold is 3, there will be a total of 5 shares to be distributed, and 3 or more are required for the original key to be recovered and hence decrypt the file. This can be used in a variety of ways, such as to ensure credibility and also to make sure that files can be retrieved still even if some of the shares are lost. To further add security, whenever the file is decrypted, the decrypted file is promptly deleted after the user downloads the file. 
 In Tembusu, there are 2 levels that contain laundry rooms. The bot provides information on the availability of the washers and dryers on each floor with the /check9 or /check17 function. Since the bot has a user-based system, residents of Tembusu have to use the bot to update the machine status. Residents can decide which washers or dryers they would like to use, update the bot, check the amount of time left and also receive notification when their load is done. Additionally, the userId of the resident on telegram would be tied to the washer/dryer, thus it is possible to send a message via the bot to the previous user to collect their clothes if they did not. Once the time is up, the washer/dryer would be available again. 
 Telehope is an app that allows both members, sponsor and child, to share moments of their daily lives with each other in a safe, digital environment. Only the child and sponsor have access to the unique digital code to protect the privacy and ensure the safety of users. If the user does not have a code yet, we help them connect with child sponsorship agencies that best fit their preferences. By clicking sponsor a child in the login page, they will be led to an interactive quiz in which the responses will be sent to the sponsorship agencies and will be contacted later to set up a sponsorship. If the user already has a code, they enter it from the login page and will be taken to a home page. The user will then be able to chat with their sponsor or child, add photos into a shared photo album, see more information about their sponsored child or sponsor, and sponsors will be able to make donations to the child directly from the app.  
  
 It is an easy runner game with questions about math operations from easy to hard. You can just control the jump and double jump function of the player. You can grab coins which you can also buy new backgrounds, characters, tiles too. When you fall down, you have to answer a math question. Every time you answer correctly you can go on playing but you have 5 chances for answering questions. So you can practice math operations. 
 TruClinic connects the clinical applications and services healthcare organizations need to fit their unique workflows and patient population by streamlining communication between multiple clinical systems and services to eliminate repetitive tasks and data entry. Fast access to information when providers need it leaves them with the time they need to focus on patient care by staying connected with patients through telehealth technologies.TruClinic gives the caregivers the tools they need to provide the right types of healthcare services and information at the right time to best serve the patient's individual needs. TruClinic is used as an extensibility of the systems the providers and staff use on a daily basis. TruClinic solves the problem of patient management, patient engagement and patient adherence by giving the providers the ability to customize the telehealth experience based on their different subsets of patients. 
  
 Show AccountsShow OpportunityList open CasesList Leads assigned to a repList unread Leads created and assigned todayClaim LeadsSummarize all Opportunities closing this month in a Bar ChartGet the following notifications:Tasks due todayOpen Cases (weekly)New hot lead in SalesforceClosed Won OpportunityOpportunities closing this week 
 Memorializes our (now remote) co-worker Brian for creating one of the best hack day projects of all time. He may work far from us in miles, but he is always close to our hearts (and sandwiches).  
 Is a server backend, that is getting all the tweets containing a concrete set of words, in real time. And saves the tweets to a MongoDB database, and sents to a frontend client (with socketio).The server, gets:the tweets containing images, the server analyzes the images, and gets the faces from the people. We store all the faces from each person that is on a tweet related to the words we are trackingalso, the server can act as a twitter bot, and replies the tweet of the people, saying thanks for their faces, and with an image of them faces marked inside a square.for each tweet, analyses the sentiment, so the tweet gets a punctuation value in function its positive or negative sentiment --> that's to know the average opinion on a concrete topicall tweets with geolocation activated, and the frontend paints over a map in realtime the new tweetsin the frontend, can view the tweets map, the faces of the images, and a node network map to analyse the relations between users and tweets sent. 
 The vehicle has two main functions:Continuous Collision Avoidance ModeIn this mode, I simply send the vehicle an “On” signal through bluetooth, and it turns on the rear motor. I can then step back and watch it avoid trees, houses, chairs people, and just about anything else it encounters in its path. The vehicle can successfully navigate an obstacle course on its own.Demo of Driverless Vehicle to Vehicle Communication in an IntersectionThis mode exists to show what an intersection between two cars might look like in a future with vehicle to vehicle communication. The scenario goes as follows: Two cars, at least one of them driverless, are approaching an intersection of two roads, one vehicle traveling on each road. When the driverless car receives information indicating the other car is approaching dangerously from the other road, it slows down and/or stops to avoid a collision. In this mode, I can connect the driverless Arduino 101-powered vehicle to another vehicle with an onboard computer. The other vehicle is a simple RC car being controlled by a human being, with an onboard computer running linux that is bluetooth enabled. This mode is tested in the following way: the two vehicles are connected and sent on a possible collision course. The Arduino receives GPS information from the RC vehicle, and determines if the two are headed for a collision. If so, the Arduino vehicle will stop and let the RC vehicle pass by.How It WorksThe vehicle is built upon an old hobbyist remote-control car chassis, and uses the servo motor, motor controller, battery, and rear motor of the vehicle. The Arduino 101 serves as the brain of the vehicle, processing input from different kinds of sensors.Continuous Collision Avoidance ModeWhen powered on, the Arduino becomes visible to bluetooth devices. I wrote an iOS application using Swift and loaded it onto an iPad. The application is simply a switch in the center of the screen that appears upon connecting with the Arduino 101. The switch represents a Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) characteristic. When the switch is off, it sets the characteristic to 0, and when it is on, it sets the characteristic to 1. 20 times a second, the Arduino does two things. The first thing is check the state of the characteristic. If the characteristic is 0, it shuts off its rear motor and stops checking for collisions. If the characteristic is 1, it turns the rear motor on and starts checking for collisions. The second thing the Arduino does is, as already mentioned, check for collisions. It does this using three ultrasonic sensors placed in the front of the vehicle. One of the sensors is facing directly in front of the vehicle, and the other two are angled to the left and right of the direction the vehicle is facing. If a distance is measured by one of the sensors that is considered dangerous, the Arduino will check the offset sensor readings for a clear path, and turn in the direction that gives it the most space.Demo of Driverless Vehicle to Vehicle Communication in an IntersectionThere are two cars involved in this demonstration. The first is the self-driving Arduino 101 powered rover, and the second is a regular, human controlled RC car with a raspberry pi and a GPS on board. The cars are placed away from each other and oriented so that they will both converge on the same point, like an intersection. I then remotely run a python script I wrote on the raspberry pi, which connects with the Arduino through bluetooth, and once connected, writes the vehicle's track angle to the bluetooth characteristic. Once connected, the Arduino starts moving, and the human drives the raspberry pi car into the path of the Arduino. After a delay of a couple seconds, the Arduino car reads its own track angle (the direction it’s moving) from its GPS and the other car’s track angle over bluetooth. The Arduino then decides whether or not the cars could collide. If a collision is possible, the Arduino stops and lets the raspberry pi car pass.Challenges I ran intoThere were so many challenges involved with carrying out this project, and some of the most difficult were not even software related!In the beginningI like to divide my projects up into individual tests that demonstrate the different technologies needed to complete the project, and then bring them all together. One of the first tests, reverse engineering the motor controller, proved to be quite challenging. Since the controller was designed to be controlled via a radio receiver, not much documentation exists as to which input produces which output. I had to sit down and write some test programs that looped through different analog outputs and tested different PWM pulse lengths in order to find which ones caused the motor to run at different speeds or spin in different directions.Simple electronics can sometimes be not so simpleProbably the most significant problem that took up entire days of work on this project was caused by the power supply. Initially, I discovered that the controller had a 5 volt output pin, supplied by the motor battery, and attempted to use this to power the vehicle components. However, I soon found out that with many sensors, a GPS, an Arduino, and a servo motor, the output was simply not powerful enough, and this caused a lot of weird behavior. After hours of fiddling with the hardware, I ended up using a USB power bank to power the Arduino, and using the motor controller output to power the rest of the vehicle. Since a lot of the power was used in outputting signals from the Arduino, this solution worked very nicely.GPS nightmareI used two Adafruit Ultimate GPS Breakout Boards for this project, and would recommend them to anyone else in a heartbeat. However, unfortunately, I found that my Arduino 101 hardware serial did not work with them, and I ended up having to write my own GPS library including an NMEA sentence parser in order to work with them. I was able to get them to work using SoftwareSerial, and I plan to upload my library and solution to GitHub in order to help out anyone else who may come across the same dilemma.AccomplishmentsCreating a Reliable Obstacle Avoidance SystemI started out just giving the rover the ability to dodge small obstacles in its path. Now, with my most updated code, the rover almost looks alive when weaving through an obstacle course.Demonstrating Vehicle to Vehicle CommunicationThe Arduino 101 powered rover successfully stops on analysis of data transmitted from another moving vehicle near it.I also found out some useful things about vehicle to vehicle communication. The intersection demonstration uses the track angles of the rovers to determine if they will collide. In a real world application, a more advanced system would need to be deployed, as explained below, since a system only using the two track angles has the potential to calculate false positives. Through tests of more advanced systems that used more measurements from the GPS and more sophisticated ways to calculate a potential collision, I learned a lot about this technology. 1) Bluetooth does not have the range to support this communication in full. Bluetooth also takes time to connect, and does not reliably stay connected between two moving vehicles even if they are in range.2) A more accurate method of location must be used in order to implement full collision detection in an intersection using more than just track angles. Either a much more accurate GPS is required, or more likely, an assisted GPS system possibly using cell towers.Why this is so:If the Raspberry Pi supported a larger bluetooth range, the vehicles could have been started at a greater distance from each other, and more information could have been collected up to the intersection, allowing for a more accurate collision avoidance calculation. I attempted demonstrations where the vehicles start out of bluetooth range, building up a history of data as they move, and connect once in range, but the bluetooth technology on board the Raspberry Pi had lots of trouble connecting the two vehicles while they were moving. I wrote an Arduino sketch that read both vehicles' latitude, longitude, speed, and track angle, and used their position history to plot their paths as lines on an Equirectangular Grid Model of the Earth. The Arduino then found the intersect of the lines, and used the two vehicles' velocities to determine if they would be at the intersection at the same time. This demonstration worked using test values, but the aforementioned limitations of the GPS and Bluetooth hardware led to inaccurate and untimely readings. In order to be utilized in a real intersection between two cars, these calculations would need to be supplied with data from an assisted GPS and a larger Bluetooth range.What I learnedArduino!I had never touched an Arduino before this project, and I have come to love how easy it is to automate things with one.C++Before this project I had worked with Java, Swift, Python, PHP, and SQL, but my past projects did not require any programs written in C++. Since the Arduino compiles C++, I learned a lot about the language, especially when writing the GPS library and NMEA sentence parser.NMEA DataIt was very cool to learn what most GPSs output, and how to interact with the GPS in order to get the information desired.Bluetooth Low EnergyI had always had a small fascination with bluetooth, and writing code that worked with it was very cool to me. I enjoyed how easy the Arduino 101 BLE API was to use.PWM (Pulse Width Modulation)I had used PWM in the past to control servo motors, but this project took me into the details of it. I learned the different between PWM frequency, duty cycle, and pulse length.What's next for Self Driving Arduino RoverStarting my first year of college in about a month, there will be many more resources for me to use in developing my projects. This will open up many possibilities to where this could go. I plan to continue developing the rover, adding different sensors to it and giving it new and improved capabilities. In college and beyond, I will use my knowledge of GPS, BLE, micro controllers, and more gained during this project to aid future efforts in making this planet a safer, more efficient, and more exciting place to live.Testing InstructionsContinuous Collision Avoidance ModePlace the rover in a fairly open area (such as a playground, backyard, gymnasium, etc), with at least 2 meters of space in between the front of the vehicle and the nearest obstacleSupply power to the Arduino by plugging in the cable attached to the power supply, and turn on the Electronic Speed ControlWait 5-15 secondsOpen iPad Rover Controller ApplicationWait for on/off switch to appear in center of iPad screenTurn switch on to start the back motor of the rover and enable collision avoidanceThe rover should start moving forwards and turning its front wheels left or right when it approaches an objectVehicle to Vehicle Communication Intersection DemonstrationPlace the driverless Arduino rover and the RC raspberry pi rover about 9 meters apart (try closer if the vehicles are failing to connect, the raspberry pi 3 has a relatively small bluetooth range)Orient the two vehicles such that they are pointing towards a common point, from directions around 90 degrees relative to each otherPlug the raspberry pi and the Arduino, turning the two devices on, and turn on the Electronic Speed Control on the Arduino roverWait until both GPSs indicate a fix (when the blinking red light on the GPS starts blinking much less frequently)SSH into the raspberry pi and start the intersection demo python programOnce the Arduino rover starts moving, using the Remote Control, drive the raspberry pi rover into the path of the Arduino rover, so that they are on a collision path and moving in directions around 90 degrees relative to each otherDo not stop raspberry pi rover; drive it straight through the intersectionThe Arduino rover should now stop and let the raspberry pi rover passNote: for both the sketches, the pulse length that determines the speed of the Arduino rover is defined by a C++ macro. The rover must be set at a lower pulse width (higher speed) to be able to move through the grass, but must be set to higher pulse width (lower speed) in order to achieve the same velocity on pavement (the rover goes way too fast on pavement if set to the grass speed). A pulse width of between 1050 and 1080 work well in the grass, and 1120 works well on level pavement. Pulse widths in between will achieve different speeds as well. A pulse width of 1140 will stop the rover completely.Built Witharduinoc++pythonraspberry-piswiftTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    Intel Hacks 2017    Created by  This was a one man team!Chris BlustComputer Engineering student at Rochester Institute of Technology, class of 2022. 
 Due to our main reason on developing this application is to lessen “Ngaret”, then our solution through this application is to remind & motivate each other among the application users to avoid “Ngaret”.What is the main point for the application? This Application is like the alarm and reminder in our mobile phone, but this application beyond those things, more than that.. This Application is designed in fun ways. You can arrange your activity and add your friends into your activity. In addition, you can also check your friends who will join the same activity. Furthermore, this application also has feature to check whether, traffic lanes, and some articles.The “Star” of this application is the “Leader Board Menu”. Why mentioned so? Here is the game begin!This leader board menu is one of the Mainstays in our application in which we can press the button “tab Leader Board” to show the most punctual person to the most “ngaret” person. The most punctual person will receive gift on the achievement.The user of this application can be everyone and from any level, including child or adult because the main purpose of this application is to change “Ngaret” to “Punctual”So, What are you waiting for? No excuse, and let’s be Punctual !! 
  
 Guru is a native iOS application that utilizes live streaming instructional technology that instantaneously connects students with "Gurus" in an effective learning environment. If you ever had to ask a quick question or understand a certain topic, Guru is the app for you. You sign in to the application stating what topics you're comfortable teaching. You can either ask a question to a global audience of gurus or you can see a list of questions that students are asking related to your skills. Gurus receive instantaneous push notifications or in-app alerts that their presence is requested. When the guru accepts the student's question, they are both simultaneously taken into a Live Video Call, through which the guru can explain the problem. We have seamlessly integrated a collaborative whiteboard in the stream, allowing the guru to draw on the screen and explain difficult concepts.  
 It sends SMS including evacuation information below Evacuation, AED and Medication location map url Help desk service phone number/*********Message*********/Mr. Kotaro Shimada. This a disaster prevention center. Pleaase click the url for Evacuation , AED, Medical service Location, nere your place,https://www.google.com/maps/d/edit?mid=zx9fAjlt_Ojc.kxQMB4WG81xg&usp=sharing . If you need help about medication, food supply or difficulty to get back home, Please call +810345402625 for refugee needs center. /**************************/Unlike other messaging service, there is no need to care of types of mobile phone devices or OS types or versions because of SMS function has been applied to most mobile phone for a long history. So, even elderly person can recognize and use it compared to email or other Social Network Services.Also, SMS will show notification popups to mobile devices for recognizing everyone 
 The add-on creates custom charts and reports across multiple Service Desk Projects with easily.Add-on allows you to share custom Service Desk reports with your stakeholders with one click reporting including publish reports to Confluence Pages.Add-on has several analysis tools for slicing and dicing data to get to actionable insights.Accomplishments that we're proud ofThe plugin achieves its goal of providing reporting transparency for organisations and to people outside the Service Desk team with easy to use Report builder.What we learnedWorking with Atlassian Connect framework is very easy and is well documented for rapid development.What's next for Charts & Reports for Service DeskExtending the add-on as a Server plugin.Built Withangular.jsconnecthtml5Try it outmarketplace.atlassian.com      Submitted to    Atlassian Codegeist 2017    Created by  Ajay EmmanuelMarcel Nick 
 The Queen’s Speech allows users to use Google Cardboard with a virtual reality environment to record and analyze their audience interaction while giving a virtual speech. Using 3D head tracking, we are able to give real time feedback on where the speaker is looking during the speech so that users can improve their interaction with the audience. We also allow the users to play their speech back in order to listen to pace, intonation, and content. We are working on providing immediate feedback on the number of "um"s and "like"s to improve eloquence and clarity of speech.  
 Now we have managed to implement 2 sensors (for 2 joints of one hand). Our program gets data from the sensors and passes it to computer that builds 3d model of a person's skeleton in Unity in real-time and renders proper movements of his hand. 
  
  
  
 FourPly lets you:Discover nearby bathroomsView and create virtual Augmented Reality graffiti on bathroom wallsRead and leave reviews on bathroom qualityChat anonymously with fellow bathroom-goersOrder emergency supplies like more toilet paper or a change of clothes with Postmates 
 SageTree is a curated nutrition site that provides you insight on potential conditions you could develop as well as vitamin deficiencies and surpluses. The curated pages are personalized for each persons genome link profile. The information on each page drives the user toward living a healthier lifestyle to fell better and be well balanced. 
  
  
 Medical Assistant is a skill with the most user friendly voice interaction model. To keep the user interested and satisfied I kept the number of questions to a minimum and gave a more precise answer. I really had to work on a better user experience. The Skill takes the input from the user about medical conditions and gives them a description about it's rarity and severity along with which department of doctors they should go see. But the USP of the skill is actually the Diagnosis based on Symptoms. Based on the user's statement, the skill asks follow up questions till it reaches a decision and finalizes the medical condition the user may be having and then suggests it and also recommends which type of doctor they should go see. This is something out-of-the-box and completely different from anything that exists in the market. It has over 10,000 follow up questions and the content is completely dynamic. 
  
 a platform where kids and young people can learn and play and spend entertaining time. 
 Loop It! asks the user to choose from one of three drum loops, one of three bass loops, and then one of three melody loops. The skill will confirm the selection and then ask the user to say loop it to hear the how the combined audio sounds when mixed together.Loop It! makes use of APL touch wrappers to allow users to navigate by pressing the screen, or the user follows the prompts and speaks to Alexa to choose the loops that they want. 
 UnicornLabs combines different APIs to let you visually create your backend. You can stitch together different APIs that you need and let the data flow through these APIs. Once done, you can download the server and either do additional modifications or deploy it easily using Docker to your preferred hosting platform.Additionally UnicornLabs offers an easy way for API providers to create modules for our platform to enable users to consume their APIs straight from UnicornLabs. 
  
 The system to guide you from a specific place to some goals following arrows which show after recognizing a specific map image. It supposes to guide for sightseeing. This time, we provide a system for sightseeing in Tokyo Asakusa, which is most popular spot in Japan! 
  
 ConnectOnCommute acts as an initiator for new, random conversations in real life with different people all around you in your community. Sometimes all we need is an invitation; users turn their 'social mode' on when they want to connect with others. As they're walking around, if another person in social mode is within range, both users receive a 'nudge' that includes the other person's name and a topic of interest to ask them about. Once both people click 'connect', a new connect-record is added to each users personal log.  
 GimmeShelter provides information of shelters and food banks to individuals custom to their location without access to internet. Users subscribe to our daily announcements and enroll with their gender, number of dependents, and region. In addition, we have a client facing website that provides shelter and food bank information via a heatmap and a filterable calendar. 
 DoppelGallery is a facial feature recognition web app that attempts to find faces that look similar to yours from open source art databases online.The Process 
 Adroit pulls data from Twitter about a certain target (e.g., "JetBlue") and uses Google's natural language API to find negative-sentiment content, indicating potential user complaints. After doing so, Adroit extracts high-importance terms from the data to indicate the general themes of those complaints. 
 The arduino uses a temp sensor whose data is picked up by python and sent on to our sql database. The sql database is then updated on our website 
  
 Colossus is an enhanced IoT device that reports info that's important to you--using either leds, lcds, or sound. The key to Colossus is that it should physically look sleek and elegant. It's more like an organic modern art piece--while remaining simple and intuitive to use. Colossus won't be a "glass slab" but rather an enhanced IoT device that displays information in a way that is meaningful to the owner/operator of the enhanced IoT device. 
 Allows the user to add a video from office 365 videos in the document 
  
 The extension will look for words inside the restaurant page content to find recipes on youtube that is related to that restaurant kitchen 
 Meet Hollybot is a bot, he lives in Slack [the popular messaging platform] and your phone. Hollybot knows about movies and uses his knowledge to help you with questions you have about movies. A user can ask about a movie, about a genre or anything in the world of movies. As long as Hollybot has seen it before in its corpus it will retrieve not just what you asked for but a knowledge graph of all other concepts that are related to that word .A few sample interactions with Holly Bot:User Text: "#hollybot help"HollyBot response:User Text: "#hollybot Toy Story"HollyBot response:The top section of movie related information is retrieved from an open movie database in realtimeThe bottom section , the knowledge graph is retrieved from a HTM server.Mobile InterfaceHollybot is available on you mobile phone. See Hollybot in action here. Requires slack mobile app. Supported on IOS and Android phones. 
  
 Our webapp lets drivers input their destination and start point and displays a route along with all flooding points that they might encounter along their route. 
  
  
 Color Tracking CAD Viewer is a JavaScript web app that lets you spin and rotate 3D STL models using color tracking. Using a magenta token—like my purple Sharpie— I can lean back in my chair and spin models by waving my hand around in front of my webcam. The pen really is mightier 
  
 "Issues Dependencies Viewer" shows the tree of issues dependencies, including sub-tasks, in an easy to understand table layout. The user can select any issues filter to populate the tree and can further restrict the issues shown by status category. The main level of the tree shows the total numbers of dependencies for each issue and vital issue analysis information, like last update, days the issue stayed in this status, etc. With one glance the user can see where things are getting stuck and more importantly - why!Challenges I ran intoAs this is our second plugin that we decided to submit for the hackaton we had really small time frame to finish the implementation.What's next for Dependency ViewerWe plan to expand the plugin from viewer to analyzer. Our goal is to help the user find and prevent potential problems fast and easy.Built Withatlassian-connect      Submitted to    Atlassian Codegeist: Add-on Hackathon    Created by  Took part in all steps, from the requirement  to the publishing on the Atlassian marketplaceGeorge StoyanovMaking sure the add-on is completed before posted and trying to balance between requirements and time limit.Boyan AngelovGalin Mladenov 
  
 Save the position information people to the cloud everyday all the time, to help according to their location information in the event of a disaster.It usually, it function as a watching system for Solitary Person with sensors.Watch data is stored in the cloud at all time.Even if the client device is broken by disaster, the latest data in the cloud indicates that of the person.Rescuers can act with reference to the map  that is based on the latest data in the cloud.Challenges We ran intoMaking IoT sensor system, Saving the data from IoT devices to cloud, Indicate the points on the map by cloud datasAccomplishments that I'm proud ofWe got the chance to rescue the victims.What's next for Rush and SaveUtilization at the local government and local communityBuilt Withbluemixhtml5javascriptnode.jsTry it outcode4jp2015.mybluemix.net      Submitted to    Bluemixathon: Operation Rescue & RecoveryWinner                Bluemixathon Category Runner-up Awards – Individuals Impacted              Winner                Fan Favorite – Individuals Impacted                  Created by  I have devised a concept of system .I do not want to lose my friends in the lonely death .Yasuhisa HironakaI like electronic work . From the device to the cloud , I make something interesting things.coordinate for all members workSeiichi SaitoBackendYuya HamadaSales and MarketingEita HisamitsuMap and radar view systempinmarchShintaro GOTO 
  
  
  
  
 Bedtime Hero helps kids enjoy their night time routine while completing their tasks in ridiculous ways and coming up with happy or funny thoughts. Alexa guides the kids through wearing pj's, brushing their teeth, going to the toilet, and finding a favorite stuffed animal or doll to cuddle with. All in a fun and playful way that is meant to engage the kids and provide them with positive reinforcements. While the skill encourages kids to complete their missions quickly, time doesn't matter and every kid who completes the routine is crowned an official Bedtime Hero.  This skill is meant for younger children, and can be played with or without parents, depending on the child's independence. When finishing the routine, parents are encouraged to cuddle with their kids and share bedtime stories.  
  
 Grudemy values ambition, knowledge and passion. Our mission is to become one of the leading platform for digital learning so as to make education accessible both to learners and tutors. We believe that learners can achieve more by working together than they can alone.That is why Grudemy is a social learning platform that combines the benefits of powerful learning tools with the support of active communities in different field. It is simple web application that can be used to find a study group/tutor closer to your current location. Grudemy allows you to share ideas and study resources as well as work on projects with classmates or colleagues around the world. 
 it used a statistical model to determine the outlier points to determine authentic readings from anomalies 
  
 Front Desk makes the security check-in process smooth, complete, and efficient for both the visitor and the meeting organizer. Using Azure Facial Recognition, the app will recognize previous visitors, sign them in, search for their meeting using Microsoft Graph, and then finally, ping the meeting organizer on Microsoft Teams with a photo for easy recognition.  
 To-Do Bot keeps tracks of the rooms to-do list. With To-Do Bot, each room has it owns to-do list that only the room participants can see and update. You can create as many tasks as you want, assign task to your peers, set priorities, due dates, get reminders and mark them as complete once your done. It is a simple and powerful to-do list for HipChat. 
 Notus is a web app that allows you to create notes and format it using HTML and Markdown. It automatically saves every 10 seconds so no more "I forgot to save".  
  
 NC.js is an open source application designed tointerpret StepNC data and create a simulation of thedescribed workplan. NC.js has two options that allowthe user to either drive the simulation from a StepNC fileor instantiate a live viewing instance using a machinethat streams MT-Connect data. NC.js utilizesMTConnect data from a live machine to drive asimulation of the machining tool. Then, throughassociative kinematics, a machine or fixture can beadded to the simulation with correct movement inrelation to the tools. Real time machining informationcan be easily compared to the expected result, allowingmachining mistakes to be caught in process andcorrected, with the eventual goal of mistakes beingcaught before they happen. The current application is also mobile friendly so that livemachining simulations can even be viewed from anywhere by the people who needit most. 
 Hacker cards show a hacker's name, follower and following count, and the project count. They also link to a hacker's Devpost profile page.From a technical perspective, the custom web component (the <hacker-tile> element) begins by rendering the template defined in the HTML file that is imported (hacker-card.html) and binds the template to properties of the webcomponent. Next, the component takes the user-name attribute and makes an AJAX request to the Unofficial API Endpoint for user profiles at https://iii3mdppm7.execute-api.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/prod/UserPortfolioEndpoint/<user-name>. Once the JSON is returned, the data contained in the element is updated and the Polymer bindings go to work rendering the changes. 
  
 Canned Responses let you prepare collection of reusable response templates for JIRA comments. After that you can use these templates to create repetitive responses rapidly. To make it even more useful you can also use values of any fields from JIRA issue like reporter name, issue key, project name etc.. Those values will be resolved when you insert a template to the comment.Major features:works with JIRA Service Deskthree visibility scopes - global, project and personal templatesshare templates with your team by using global or project scopedynamic macros for any standard or custom issue fields to create contextual templates (e.g. $reporterName$)autocomplete for macros and templates using $ sign 
  
 Please refer to our GitHub repo README for all instructions.An Ultrasonic TurnstileOur device is an IoT ultrasonic turnstile that records the number of people in a building or room by detecting when people leave or enter. It uses a combination of sensors that, to our knowledge, has not been used simultaneously in this way.  It allows us to help fight crowding and congestion in a non-invasive way, with no contact or interaction required by the people passing through.  It also detects movement in an anonymous way and preserves the privacy of the people it detects.Live UpdatingOur current build of the device streams population data directly to a mobile application and web application. Within a second of sensing movement in a doorway, it updates those applications and visualizations immediately. The speed at which this data is transferred improves the ability for further development of the device and the services it provides without appreciably reducing the speed at which it can deliver those services.  Furthermore, the Turnstyle can be used as a security feature if the door is unexpectedly opened -- perhaps outside of business hours.  Turnstyle seeks to serve both building managers -- in the form of a mobile application they can use to manage and monitor their Turnstyle --  and the general public -- with a widely available web application --  by providing both with valuable real time data.Powerful AnalyticsTurnstyle provides live population monitoring, helping people make educated decisions about where to head in the current moment.  It also provides aggregate measurements such as most popular times and general traffic trends to give people a general sense of how crowded places will be in the future.  We hope that the analytics that Turnstyle has to offer will help us better plan as a society and allow us to lead more efficient lives.  Just as people check the weather each morning, checking Turnstyle's data will encourage people to head to work at less busy times or eat at their favorite restaurants during slow hours -- saving us all from the pain of traffic jams, stalled roads, and wasted time.   
 This machine will allow you to type a string (word) on a keyboard.  The raspberry pi then identifies what was entered and then controls the solenoids and servo to pierce the paper. The solenoids do the "printing" while the servo moves the paper.A close-up video of the solenoids running: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-jSG96Br3b4 
  
 Tons of fun 
 1200.aero is a monitoring service specifically developed for general aviation. It relies on a network of airport-based ADS-B receivers to analyze air traffic data that can be used to enhance safety.Tracking history: Facilitates pilot flight debriefs by tracking aircraft of interest, capturing 1-second grain data about takeoffs, maneuvers, approaches, landings, and even taxiing activity. NMACs: Potential near mid-air collisions detected between two or more aircraft (as defined by the FAA, a good example here). Data is anonymous to protect privacy.Events: Emergency transponder codes, unusually low flying aircraft, excessively high descending rates, and combinations thereof. Data is anonymous to protect privacy.Live notifications for the above features, sent via SMS to subscribers.Live traffic: Renders live traffic directly from all ADS-B stations (currently KRDU, KLZU, KJNX). Reuses work from the ADS-B Receiver and dump1090-mutability projects.Airport traffic: Visualizes collective traffic pattern trends by airport in the last two weeks. 
 The main idea is develop an android app that helps to find the events where food is available on campus. It also get info of various events with free food and places where they are happening. The user of the app can post the the free food events on the campus using this application and the other users can give thumbs up to. The user can choose the free food events  based on the up-votes from the other users. We also have the webservice through which the vendors can add new food items to the menu and their pricing listed.  
 This application will try to find a solution of this issue by giving a realtime interface to match passenger who need a taxi cab with taxi driver who wants to fill seats of his taxi. 
  
  
 Flexiroute is a mobile phone application that offers users the option to search for alternate routes (other than the traditional routes that Google would produce) with respect to the user's input of multiple preferences that personally cater to each individual user. The application offers a range of preferences - cost, time, health, and safety - that can impact route optimization on a user-defined scale of importance for each preference. This flexibility allows for the user to find a route that best suits the user's needs or desires.  
 In Office 365 Cards, we can organise cards in a list. The card can be anything like a ticket, task, deal, account or contact. Users can customize and create list with any card type. A list can be created for a Office365 Group, through which business processes will flow into the group. The list can be shared by providing fine grained permissions to manage the card access, which provides an easy way to collaborate with other Office 365 Group which we are not a member of. The sharing permissions of list includes Create cardsEdit/View/Delete/Comment on all cardsEdit/View/Delete/Comment on his/her own cardsOffice 365 Cards integration via Outlook and Web interfaceOutlook TasksCalendar Event (Personal / Group)Files (OneDrive / SharePoint Online)Office 365 Groups Conversation - We can link conversations from any Office 365 Groups.Planner TasksSharePoint Tasks Teams Attach an EmailLink another Office 365 CardWe can tag, follow and pin any cards. 
 Team members have direct access to customer information from within the Team. Creating a new tab the team member will be able to add iGlobe CRM Teams App. The app will allow you to search for companies that are relevant for this specific team and add these companies to the Team. The app will show contacts from the selected companies. When clicking on a contact you will see the contact information and the recent activities on the selected contact from iGlobe CRM. You will be able to see recent; Notes; e-mails, Meeting reports and Opportunities. When clicking fx on a note it will open the note in iGlobe CRM. 
  
 BOB'S Ramen is a combination of an iPhone application and and automatic ramen cooker. Through the app, a user can specify a specific time for ramen to be cooked and a spice level and the ramen cooker prepares it completely autonomously. 
  
 Our application maps your land and growth density data to identify problem spots and see how well your neighbors have taken care of their land, because you might be looking to expand your acreage. The rainfall and crop yield graphs reveal which crops performed the best in challenging precipitation years so that you can plan for dry years. 
 It gets temperature, humidity, brightness and rain situation with sensors. My Arduino 101 gets temperature, humidity and brightness. I can see these data from bright and colorful LCD. I put also inside a sensor too. With this I can feel and predict the temperature easily. With Arduino Uno I can get water sensor data and according to data, LED's will light up. If it is too heavy all of them will light up. 
 It analyzes the commit messages from a github public repository and evaluates the mood of the author who committed. There are five feelings in total and the score of each is presented. It also shows the commit messages with strong feelings and the contributor who wrote them. Lastly, the used languages and their amount of usage are displayed as well. 
 1) Gives you hope for the future 2) Follows you around a grocery store autonomously 
 Find the compatibility of two users based on their Github handles and code composition. Simply type the two handles into the given text boxes and see the compatibility of your stacks. 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 *OkPerk.com is an Instagram brands' and influencer's loyalty program powered by Kin, that boosts audience engagement ratio. * OkPerk Android app allows access to two types of accounts, one for the brand owners or influencers: to pick fans from the audience, manage their loyalty points and tipping them kin, managing comments and mentions. another for their fans: to claim and collect their loyalty points and Kin, manage all the brands they have engaged with.How's Kin empowering communities on our platform?Brand owners or Instagram influencers can send Kin + Ok Loyalty points to their audience who has engaged with their content through comments and mentions, even if users who don't have Kin or OkPerk account yet (OkPerk will create a virtual wallet for these users and transfer once theirs account is linked). Brands/Instagram influencers can earn Kin by inviting their audience/fans to join their loyalty program on OkPerk, through easy referral commenting. This helps OkPerk to reduce CPA and increase virality and user retention factor. Brands and Fans can sign up on our platform and earn 50 Kin :) Fans can help their favourite brands by donating back collected Kin while keeping Ok Loyalty points. Leaderboard:Leaderboard for Top Kin Spenders for Brand/Influencers attract newer fans even if they are not in their audience group. Thus, new followers for influencers. Leaderboard for Top Kin Earners for Fans highlights the most engaging and loyal fans, which opens the portal of opportunities for fans to work closely with brands and influencers they follow.     Why we believe our platform has a perfect growth factor to be next million-dollar startup?We just need to convert Instagram influencers to enable their profile for OkPerk loyalty and they are very much likely to get converted as we are solving their biggest problem of increasing engagement ratio of their audience. Once on-boarded, they do the job of promoting our platform automatically to their followers as they start rewarding their followers with Kin and loyalty points. If everything works out as we assumed, we would be able to grow exponentially in terms of userbase in no time.Secondly, our startup had earlier worked on data science in influencer and media market and had a successful exit. With these two parameters, we believe that with the right support we will be able to grow big.  
 Our algorithm intelligently matches one image with others and detect whether they are same or not.Tech StackAndroidPythonKerasPytorchFlaskOpenCvWhat we learntWe learnt advanced Machine learning and how to connect the big machine learning model to an android app. What's NextTo Launch Android App on PlaystoreTo Improve Machine Learning Algorithm AccuracyBuilt WithandroidfirebaseflaskherokujavakerasopencvpythonpytorchTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    Cybros Hackathon 2019Winner                Hackathon Winner - Cash Prize                  Created by  I worked on the api and machine learning model.Anubhav NataniI worked on the Android app for the project.Kumar ManasI worked on developing the UI of the Android App.Aniket TiwaryI worked on project by creating facenetPawan Jain 
 Allows anyone to print and gift QR-Codes with tokens locked inside each. 
 HoloBot uses the power of the HoloLens to bring Amazon's Alexa to life. 
  
 The battle simulator is a game where two players brawl off in the battle of Naruto ninjutsu hand signs. Each player has an anime figure. When ninjutsu is cast, the effect is projected on the anime figure as a hologram. The machine learning model can identify 12 unique hang signs from the anime Naruto and different anime cards. Each ninjutsu consists of multiple hand signs. Hologram demo: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1wP-MFGF_UKBkN2Uv-KxRyxEyveSBHZ3z/view?usp=sharingHand sign demo: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1PSYILYJyG9ejJosRWk2ShaHvN29rtybN/view?usp=sharingFull live demo: https://drive.google.com/file/d/178inYQhvB55_E9wC00r53HRkvtmSWTgP/view?usp=sharingHow WE built itWe constructed the battle dome and hologram projector using cardboards, coloured paper, and monitor display. We build the machine learning model using Keras and tensorflow. We trained the model with custom dataset with 15k images gathered during the hackathon (it took a long time). At the same time, we also worked on creating a front and backend connection to host the animations and hold the game logic. We utilized flask for the backend and used react for the frontend.Challenges WE ran intoWith flask being single threaded (python in general) it was difficult for us to maintain or plan for multiple thread usages, something node would do great. However, tensorflow and keras has such a great python community that we chose to stick with it. Accomplishments that WE are proud ofWe set out a grand vision at the beginning of Hack the North to build a hologram AI battle dome. The objective was difficult and grand in nature; however, we were able to achieve it in the end. It is more than a minimum viable product, it represents the hard work and the constant trial and error during the 36 hours of Hack the North. What WE learnedWe learned to decrease the scope of the project when time and resource constraints are major issues. Machine learning, text to speech, web development, and hologram. Needless to say, we were ambitious. It is as if we are building 4 projects side by side instead of one. We learned that to achieve this grand vision, we had to decrease the scope of the project and use helpful APIs to do different components. We decreased the number of consecutive hand signs from 5 to 2; we used an API called Voice Flow to build the voice controller instead of building it from scratch. All of these discussions helped us to achieve our end goal.   What's next for AR Voice Control and ML Hand Sign Ninjutsu Battle SimulatorThe next step for the AR Voice Control and ML Hand Sign Ninjutsu Battle Simulator is to build a version of it that works for a smartphone. We already prototyped the hardware for the hologram display, all that is left is an innovative idea for the software components. After that is done, the product is ready to find early adopters from the anime fans and other markets.  Built Withaugmented-realitycss3flaskhologramhtml5javascriptkerasmachine-learningpythonreacttensorflowvoiceflowTry it outgithub.comgithub.com      Submitted to    Hack the North 2019Winner                Hack the North 2019 Finalists              Winner                Voiceflow API Prize                  Created by  I worked on the back end and hand sign detection with KerasAnita HuMechatronics Engineering at University of WaterlooI worked on the React frontend and helped with bridging the Gap between the backend and the frontendKevin LiComputer Science Student at the University of WaterlooI worked on the voice control API, Ideation, Pitching, Project Management and physical design. Ruizhe  LiI worked on the flask backend, and integrating it with the React frontend. Daniel Luan 
 WikiBeat uses natural language processing and the knowledge on the internet to put together couplets that are not only spicy af, but also completely factual. This means that WikiBeat has both educational and entertainment value. And it's all wrapped up into a nice little web app with a sleek and simple interface. 
 This game is specially designed for kids.Kids will fell in love with this game.This game is basically a Drawing Game in which two basic modes are added one is Coloring and second Is Drawing Mode.In this game you will use different tools to draw and color pictures.There are 17 pics that can be colored.There are many tools in the Tool Section , Which are Pencil Tool,Crayon Colors, Brush Tool, Glitter Tool, Paint Bucket,Rainbow Pencil, Hand Tool And Eraser. There are many other Features like Zoom-in ,Zoom-out,Fit to screen And Screenshot Function.You can draw what you want.This game will help kids to increase their creativity and IQ level. 
 Mommy-gram lets kids send and receive SMS messages to Mom, through Alexa, using only their voice.Mom's phone can be iOS, Android or "other", and the communication is 2-way, going beyond Alexa's limited built-in capabilities.On the kids' side, there's no additional phone to buy and no additional cell plan needed for their own SMS text messaging with Mom!Kids simply speak a simple voice command, Mom gets a text, then she can write back!  
 RunMate allow users to first pick a route in the city (currently only Hong Kong is available for this hackathon scope), then swipe left/right from a list of other users who are also interested to run this route. When two users are interested to run with each other, they are matched! They can then chat together and we will let them to improvise what is happening next :) 
  
  
  
 PickMe quickly and smartly gives you one option: the best option and book it for you. 
 Looks pretty.  
 User can easily answer questions to get a final result that tells them a little about about themselves. 
 Through the Kindex™ web app, users create a “Kindex”—a living archive where anyone can contribute, index, and share family records. Families may establish their two-generation Kindex™ using FamilySearch account, which provides a foundation of family names for your Kindex™. As records are gathered and attached to family names, they can be indexed privately within families or released as public indexing projects. Our indexing tool employs a simple side-by-side user interface where the user enters indexes the record and applies tags.Once approved by a family administrator, completed indexing becomes accessible and searchable through tools such as search engines, Kindex™ and FamilySearch, and other family history partners. Within Kindex™, users may also read indexed records, attach them as FamilySearch Memories, search their content, share on social media, or print to paper or PDF.  
  
 Analyzes the tone of the chat messages using IBM Watson's Tone Analyzer API 
 Overhear which puts you right at the center of social music. Share exactly what you listen to while you listen to it. Overhear captures your computer's audio and streams it live. 
 Provides maintenance workers with information on what should be cleaned or re-filled in a buildingHelps maintenance workers to decide what exactly to fix next to maximize efficiency and how to prepare for itEncourages employees in the building to report issues through a score systemEncourages a higher quality of service by providing maintenance workers with feedback on their job 
 Twenty questions is a fun, casual  party game where you think of a personality and your opponent tries to guess it by asking you a series of questions that can be answered using "Yes","No" or "Don't know". We built an Alexa skillset that plays this game with near perfect accuracy. For this we built an API from scratch for the popular Akinator website and used it as a service that Alexa can query.We use the SendGrid API to send  the set of Questions, Answers and the personality over mail.We wanted to use Hardware since we have generally not used them before. We wanted to do something with Sphero and RaspberryPi. Our complete setup including the server is based on RaspberryPi. We are able to control Sphero to some extent and a LED from Alexa (IOT).We build an Alexa Skillset to get Optimized Route Information from MapQuest API. You can get information such as Fuel Consumptions, Toll Information, Distance and the Narrative Instructions through Alexa 
 Pub Crawl Planner automates the route generation for a multi-team multi-stop pub crawl. 
  
  
 Searches phone contacts fully or partially by simply drawing letters, smart guess of next contact priorities where the app learns over multiple usage, And easy custom organizing by tags using record markers. 
  
 You can look up room availability, locate them, book a room, track an ongoing meeting and request assistance using employee and meeting rooms Microsoft exchange accounts. All the meeting rooms have microsoft accounts and thats how they are currently booked. How We built itThe App brings together Amazon Echo, Rasberry Pi, Pi modules and at the heart of everything Microsoft Office.Echo is controlled using AWS Lambda which takes in the Voice Commands. These commands are relayed to The backend Java app which uses Exchange Web Services as part of Office 365 to Send emails, lookup calendars, map Microsoft accounts to location and much more. Included an image for the different systems involved. Please do view our demo video.Challenges we ran intoIntegrating all the different systems together was a challenge. Also, getting an admin account in to post calendar invites.Accomplishments that we're proud ofWe created an excellent example of Internet of Things to make our lives around scheduling meetings at work easier, faster and way more fun.What I learnedIOT and also how easy it is now to integrate with microsoft APIs. The gateway to office APIs is very useful since most of the companies already have microsoft accounts for employees. Many more apps can be built on top of the office APIs What's next for Office InsightsOur App will be able to leverage integrating with any Wearable or device that takes voice commands.Built WithjavajavascriptTry it outgithub.comgithub.com      Submitted to    Hack Productivity    Created by  I primarily worked on building out the Node.js application that sits on our Raspberry Pi, bridging our Spark Photon LED modules with our Java application's endpoints.  Additionally I worked heavily on building our custom Alexa Skill for the Amazon Echo and assisted with its deployment.Cody KnauerI put together the room (light) modules, and set up a Raspberry Pi-hosted node server to control them and serve a browser-based office map.Sean OwieckiNihara VankayalaRishi SinghDan Garfinkle 
 Our vision is to get people to achieve EVEN more with Office 365. By using  a unique cloud platform, Office 365 and Azure, we are able to offer Plug & Play CRM SharePoint Add-in with extension in Outlook, Excel, Word, SharePoint and connectors to Groups, Planner, Teams, Power BI, Flow and Power Apps.We believe our CRM Add-in creates a workplace that binds organizations, people and tools together, breaks down communication barriers, and strengthens teamwork by fostering open communication and increased productivity. A CRM Add-in for Office 365 that realize the dream of one workplace, where one click will do the trick.  A workspace that drive engagement/collaboration and provides choices on where and when to work.With Outlook-, Excel- and Word add-ins combined with a seamless integration to the Office 365 Planner, Teams, Groups, SharePoint and Delve the iGlobe CRM is a true Office 365 extension. Work across teams and access e-mail, meetings, tasks, documents and pipeline through a simple dashboard.Powerful opportunity management, forecasting and reporting capabilities in Excel and Power BIEnhance the advantages of Office 365 with iGlobe CRM Enhancing team work with iGlobe CRM App for Microsoft teams Plug & Play, fast implementation and adaptation equals fast ROIBe up and running under an hourONLINE ACCOUNTING INTEGRATIONe-conomicSaasu - OnlineExact- OnlineXeroBillyQuickbooks online iGlobe Office 365 is offered in 5 languages, is extremely easy to customize without compromising the app model. An update to a new version will still just take 5 min. iGlobe CRM Office 365 is a multitenant Add-in that uses services on Azure, the Microsoft Office App authentication and consent model, Graph API to integrate to Planner, Outlook and SharePoint. Challenges I ran intoThe challenges we have had was in shortPerformanceAuthentication and Consent modelPurchasing process in the StoreAccomplishments that I'm proud ofCustomers around the World.iGlobe was recognized as winner for Best International Developers 2015 Microsoft Office App Awards at Microsoft Worldwide Partner Conference (WPC) in Orlando. In all, Microsoft judges considered 110-plus top productivity solutions culled from hundreds of candidates across the Office Store, Azure Marketplace, and the Windows Phone, Android and iTunes stores. iGlobe won the award for “High-quality SharePoint CRM solution for users worldwide (in 5 languages), via intuitive tabs and Dashboard UI. Leverages native SharePoint infrastructure for simplicity and cost savings, and Excel for reporting.”iGlobe CRM Office 365 awarded two prices by FinancesOnline as Rising Start 2017 Award and Great User Experience 2017 Award. Team of experts from FinancesOnline works devotedly to examine hundreds of CRM Tools and we are very happy to be included in their best CRM software category. According to their experts iGlobe CRM Office 365 is a platform ready-to-integrate with Microsoft’s office suite. Instead of being a separate solution, this application simply becomes part of the larger Office 365 ecosystem, and fills in important productivity gaps.Focusing on the user, as a part of a team or individual, iGlobe CRM Office 365 extend the services offered by Microsoft Office 365 bringing them to the user and his teams anytime, anywhere from any O365 product on any device. Bringing the systems to the user promoting all Office 365 Services - Outlook, Office, SharePoint, Delve, Planner & Groups, Power BI & Flow. With iGlobe CRM you will get add-ins that realize the dream of one workplace, where one click will do the trick. An ability to work and collaborate in a workspace that drive engagement/collaboration and provides choices, where possible, on where and when to work.iGlobe CRM Office 365 is so easy and can be implemented and be ready for use in just 10 min.With Outlook-, Excel- and Word add-ins combined with a seamless integration to the Office 365 Planner, Teams, Groups, SharePoint  the iGlobe CRM is a true Office 365 extension. Work across teams and access e-mail, meetings, tasks, documents and pipeline through a simple dashboard.What's next for iGlobe CRM Office 365We are currently working on; improving the import function, Plug&Play Power BI integration, Power Apps, Enhancing Delve integration and always looking to improve the Office Add-ins. Built Withazurejavascriptmicrosoft-graphoffice-365office-365-rest-apioutlooksharepoint-onlineTry it outiglobecrm.comsway.comsway.comsway.comappsource.microsoft.comstore.office.comstore.office.comstore.office.comstore.office.combetterwith.office.com      Submitted to    Hack ProductivityHack Productivity 3Hack Productivity 4    Created by  Alon Ekelund 
  
 So I tried to make a skill which provides me a random recipe made using ingredient which I ask. I have also included a feature in which it will just give out a lucky & trendy recipe name which we can try.It uses an external API to fetch the names of the recipes and related information and then I relay it out to my users using Alexa.You can ask it to give recipes made using cake etc.I plan to include step by step instructions along with visuals in future updates of this skill. 
  
 Provides information about substance abuse, treatment methods, and informers the user on where to get help. 
 It prints hello world. 
 Our app uses your location to find points of interest near you. It generate a short phrase or sentence in a foreign language of your choice that you can easily learn and is related to these points of interest. It then allows you practice repeating it in said foreign language. 
 It provides a way to play the Mastermind game using a web browser through Axion Zen's API or our own API implementation. 
 Have you ever felt unsafe when walking alone at night, or jogging on a running trail? Have you ever worried about how you actually would get help in case of an emergency?WatchMe can help in all situations:Ask friends to walk you home with Watch Me’s live GPS traceHelp friends stay safer by walking them home from wherever you areNotify people who are watching you if you're in dangerWhat's next for WatchMeIn the next couple of weeks we would like to add new features into the app like push & local notifications. In the end of February we would like release it on the Appstore as a free app.Built Withfacebookfirebasegithubapigooglesdkiosobjective-ctwittersdk      Submitted to    Go DetroitHack and Roll Indore    Created by  I've been working on all the development steps of the project starting on creating the design, implementing the backend APIs and creating the user interface.Csongor KorosiNorbert KorosiCsupi Korosi 
 Medbot can help you diagnose your own condition and hence suggest possible conditions one might be suffering. A person can chat with Medbot and tell it about its symptoms and MedBot would inquire information from the person so as to provide him or her,  possible conditions one might be suffering from. 
  
 iGlobe Outlook Add-in provide you with two key features; 1. Mails you receive and 2. Mails you send. For mails you Receive, iGlobe Outlook Add-in will let you, directly from Outlook; ◦ Save the email in iGlobe CRM◦ Create a company and a contact in iGlobe CRM◦ Edit and update a contact and company in iGlobe CRM◦ Create a note and opportunity◦ Get an overview or the resent activities, like, e-mails, notes, meeting reports and opportunities ◦ Save an email on a selected contact◦ Save the email and relate to an opportunity (SSO)With a seamlessly integration to Office 365 Planner you will be able to create a Planner task directly from the Add-in. Assign the task to yourself or a colleague. When you create a task a link to the contact you have selected on the mail will automatically be added to the task. The dream of one platform where one click will do the trick is now a reality!for mails you send, iGlobe outlook add-in will let you; ◦ Check if the receiver exists in iGlobe CRM◦ Add recipients to your mail, both into the To or Cc Fields◦ Select if you want the mail to be saved on receivers from both the To or Cc Fields◦ Save an email on a selected contact◦ Save the email and relate to a pipeline (SSO) 
 The skills name is 'Beat the Opponent' (Sorry for the boring name there). It is an interactive quiz game for the kids which has multiple levels and different opponent for each level. The themes are different for each level. For example, the first level's theme is on Superheroes where you will be playing against an opponent named Rick. Rick will introduce himself to you (not in Alexas voice but his own). And there will be a connection between Rick's introduction and the level's theme. So as one might expect, Rick is a superheroes fanatic, he likes to watch Marvel/DC/etc. Every level has 10 questions, and the skill keeps a count of your score (right vs wrong). At the end of the level (10 questions), it will compare your score with Ricks and tell you whether you won or not. If not, Rematch!, or Proceed to next level! Another example of a theme is 'audio-based'. In the 3rd level, you will be presented with sounds of a turkey, campfire, beating eggs, a man speaking Chinese and other cool things, for the kid to identify and pick. See I told you, not so boring after all.I don't want kids to take it as a quiz (because if they are even 1% like I was as a kid, they would hate that word, though they might have fun playing it.). Also, You would not hear a kid say to others on the playground about how a quiz is badass. THE BEST THING?Please try it on echo show and you will know it. My neighbor's kids loved it because of what it shows on the screen.  
 It provides live video streaming combined with gps location of dangerous events made by citizens. It helps people avoid less safe ares. 
 AgiieEye is an Augmented Reality based Android app that helps in a better organization of events on campus with help of Google Maps API. It will enable students to have real-time information about various events and activities happening around the school. The events can range from informational, educational, sports, cultural, to specific events like group study sessions.Moreover, we have developed an AR backed feature where students can share their ideas & feelings through virtual wall painting, images or emojis. and everyone at that location will be able to see the shared information..We expect it to be an innovative and interesting way for students to share their thoughts and feedback with others. 
 Sync Youtube on High is an Android app that allows users to play a single Youtube video in sync across multiple devices therefore allowing them to behave as multiple monitors for the same while also getting an extraordinary sound effect.And since we are using the trnql sdk which is based on location, the devices need not be on the same WiFi, connected via Bluetooth, or even in the same country. One can listen to music or watch videos with their family members, even when not together and still share the love. And since it uses Youtube, which is global, one doesn't even have to worry about copying the song on all devices.The app is so simple to use, that even a person with no idea of Bluetooth can use it. And if that's not enough for you, we have something for the lonely folks out there, it also suggests videos to play based on the weather and activity context signals from trnql sdk, now put this on while you are jogging, driving etc and the best song recommended for that. We also analyzed the error in playing the videos, most of the times its about 2-3ms, but sometimes because of difference in network latency it can go up to 30-40ms, but that too sounds really amazing, as the min time to hear echo for average person is about 100ms. How it worksAll the people interested start the appOne of them becomes a server and chooses a host nameHe searches for a video to be played or chooses one from the suggestions based on his activity or weather outside, like if its raining outside, romantic songsHe chooses the video from the search resultsOthers now join him by clicking his name on the home screen, or anyone else for that matter.All the devices first play any ads(if any), buffer the video and click the play button to advertise they are ready to play.Once the server sees all people are ready or buffered, he can click on the play button.A cool countdown starts on FAB on all devices.Blast off !!Also, At all moment everyone can see the status of other people, whether they are searching or buffering or reading. 
  
 People fill in a registration form which contains data like hobby, schedule, preferred place to do activities, etc. Our system will do some algorithm to match them with the suitable buddies. They set appointment and have fun.   
 Allows users to make an account, and match with other users to build dishes. These dishes are discovered when they find a valid combination. Badges are obtained as your pantry grows with more connections! Users create an account and select their starting ingredient. Upon selection, they are then matched with other users. Don’t need beef to complete your recipe? Throw that out. Need pasta? Swipe the heck right. Build your recipes as you swipe, but don’t be too generous - you’ll run out of portions. 
 MotiFun is a power up that integrates the concept of Gamification into the work space of Trello. Motifun allows the assessment tasks (a card in Trello terminology) in order to assign them points . When a task is completed the member then earns the points assigned to that task within a given project (board). The earned points are reflected as scores in the game. We have chosen a slot machine as a game where each member, based on the earned points, can choose the prizes she or he desires to put a wager on. there a predefined number of attempts the user can have each day. 
 This product, with a single keystroke, records a terminal session and uploads it to the serverless cloud – giving the user a share link that can be embedded in markdown, shared on twitter, and used for community enrichment. 
 basically this is a web app (at its current stage) can turn on/off LED and check its status (whether is is on or off) 
 The Baby SmartGate uses a reed switch to detect if the gate is opened or closed.  Once the gate has been opened it turns on a red LED and starts a timer.  If the gate hasn't been closed in the allotted time (in this case, 10 seconds) it starts a procedure to alert those nearby.  For 8 seconds it starts beeping and increases the LED brightness.  Then for another 8 seconds it further increases the LED brightness and beeping intensity.  Finally the LED starts flashing and the buzzer is at full blast.  Hopefully an adult will notice and close the gate!When the gate is closed it briefly turns on a green LED to let the parent know it is secure and then goes back to sleep.The idea is that the alerting will help "train" the parents to always close the gate and make it a habit.  Without an alert it would be easier to become lazy with the gate, which is often what results in accidents. 
 Once the user installs the sensors near the tyre of his vehicle he has to monitor the air pressure through the IoTyre  application. The sensors will check the pressure using distance formula and give the user the percentage of air pressure there in tyres.  It will compare the baseline value of the pressure which is calculated initially when the air is filled into the tyre. Then the user will get the current air pressure in the tyre in the application and if the air pressure is less than cut off value i.e. it’s too low then the user gets the SMS notification through the application that the tyre are not in the good condition and need to fill with air. After every hour sensor will send data to Amazon IOT through MTQQ protocol automatically and update the values of the air pressure in the application so that the user gets the latest air pressure of his vehicle tyre.  
 With this app you can post messages/news/advices to people nearby, also you can chat with them and see their posts. 
 A meteor app that sends a message to a channel of your choosing (preferably your private slackbot), whenever you're mentioned in github, trello, and in the future, in any other cloud app that supports mentioning.InspirationWhen someone mentions you in any of your cloud apps, it is usually something that needs your attention quickly. None of the built in slack integrations explicitly supports putting mentions in a "priority inbox" slack channel that can get your attention quickly, such as your slackbot. This app solves that. 
  
  
  
 It visualizes and simulates the environment for all class seats on an airplane, so that the user can have a spacial understanding of the environment before they make purchases. 
  
 KeySplit allows you to create encrypted shards of your wallet seed phrase and share it with 5 trusted contacts. If you ever lose your key, you can recreate it by collecting any 3 of those 5 shards and recombining them through KeySplit. Each shard is useless by itself, so as long as you don't tell your trusted contacts who else you've shared the shards with, they can't recreate your private key. 
  
 'Artisell' aims to be a 2 way marketplace for buying and selling of goods made by rural artisans - handicrafts, clothing, traditional footwear, paintings, clay pots, etc. Artisans can directly sell their products and buyers can buy directly and post custom job requests for artisans.Simply, there are 2 apps involved in Artisell. The seller app and the buyer app.The seller app is meant for Artisans, and has a UNIQUE, SIMPLE, and INTUITIVE user experience catered to users who are laymen and have little or no knowledge of using smartphones. The USP of the seller app is that in just a few simple steps and careful guidance (through voice, imagery and animations), the Artisan can operate the app with little to no traning. Apart from this, the seller app has following features (All built with usability in mind)1. Add product (4 steps -> Select category, Type or Say product name, Upload image, and Add Price)    - Here automatically our system generates tags based on the image uploaded    - For every step there is visual cues and the artisan can press a button to HEAR a voice clip explaining what to do    - Incase there is no internet the product is stored offline and sent to server later2. Accept Job offers    - Any user/buyer can push job requests through the seller app. These can be viewed, reviewed and accepted by artisans3. View nearby Artisans    - The Artisan can view any nearby artisans in a list and map view - and one tap call them for any sort of query or discussion they might want to have    - Artisan can view his own profile as well4. View Events/Melas/Fairs    - Artisans generally look to attend various fairs and events to sell their goods. A lot of Artisans miss out of the opportunity due to lack of information.     - Both a list and a map view5. View products    - Grid view of Artisans products    - Can be tapped to see detailed view of the products6. Switch languages    - With one tap the whole app can be toggled between HINDI and ENGLISH!The buyer app on the other hand, is also a unique and simple buying experience for customers (primarily wholesalers) to buy products directly from the artisans.Features include1. Search Product by IMAGE    - Upload an image and similar products will be displayed by our app2. Search Product by KEYWORD3. Search Product using Filters - Price, Quantity, etc.4. Create a Job Request    - Buyers can create job request which contains some sort of task they would want the artisan to complete    - Buyer sets the budget, approximate delivery date, description and OPTIONAL image to support the display    - On approval of any job request by any artisan - the buyer will be notified with the details of the artisan5. View artisan details    - Can view his products    - Get Directions to reach artisans    - Call Artisan6. Product Details    - Can view all the details of the product    - Can directly buy a product from here 
 Applies adversarial patches and noise to reduce effectiveness of public machine learning scrapers and fight against modern invasion of data privacy. 
  
  
 eyeBeacon is a phone application where the user is able to walk around freely and get notified (by speech or by different hand gestures) whenever they get near or towards a Beacon (Estimotes).   
 The solution has themes, which are preset filters capable of selecting destinations appropriate to the intended activity. For example, we have a theme called Gliding that not only selects locations containing Point of Interest related to Gliding, but also makes sure that the wind is calm enough to perform gliding activities. 
 It does exactly what you think it does. You pat cats. In this game you can compete against your friends to pat cats, as many cats as you can using keyboard controls. This is designed to help you relax to some lofi hip hop beats and pat some cats to break from the stress of everyday life. Once a cat is patted, you get to listen to the happy meows of hackers, sponsors, and coordinators of McHacks. With every pat, you poof a cat <3 :3 
 We've built a seamless, multi-faceted Chrome extension that gives users peace of mind that they're getting the best deals while saving them countless hours of searching multiple different sites and apps (because each hour saved is another hour to watch funny cat videos #priorities).  At its very basic function, Air Compare will automatically populate hotels within an Airbnb's vicinity and in a similar price range (+/- $50) and users can filter by distance and price. Users can also review each hotel's amenities so they can make the best choice based on what's important to them when travelling, with a point of comparison against what Airbnbs offer.For those more sophisticated travelers who like to plan in advance (my Virgo perfectionists, I'm talking to you!) and know their itinerary, they can go to Add Trip Details to enter in a destination address (such as their client's office or a tourist destination they'll be visiting) and also search for car rental and ride sharing prices to/from their destination.Air Compare allows users to:Compare multiple hotels near the Airbnb listing they're considering with information on:Distance from the hotel to the Airbnb with the ability to sort by distance or pricePrice per night Hotel amenities (users can compare the Airbnb amenities with hotel amenities to determine what's truly important to their trip; a hot tub time machine may be crucial when scaling Mount Everest but not so crucial on a Safari adventure in Africa)Filter and sort by rewards points and/or price for programs like the Starwoods Preferred Guest loyalty program without having to check yet another siteDetermine whether renting a car or using ride sharing is the better choice:Get average car rental prices (based on the nearest airport the Airbnb is closest to)Get Lyft estimates from the airport to the Airbnb AND each nearby hotelGet Lyft estimates and travel times to a destination for both the Airbnb listing AND each nearby hotel (because we're overachievers like that!)Users can now compare at a glance how much their car rental vs. using ride sharing will cost without guessing or doing any extra work  
  
 It puts together various cross-sectional slices from a CT scan into a singular 3D model. In addition, it will allow doctors to directly add notes onto the model. It will also have a reply function to the comments so doctors can collaborate on a single model. In addition, it will colorize the model to improve the readability. 
 (Check out the demo video above!! :) ) Note: in the demo I was already signed into my Okta account through google, so it didn't actually redirect to the google account chooser. The social logins do work, I promise! Feel free to test them out for yourself.A student, needing help with a question, registers for Aristotl - either with an email/pass or with a Google/Facebook account. After entering their information and purchasing credits (for now, just a proof-of-concept - no payment necessary!), the user can converse with an intelligent chatbot that will diagnose their problem. The chatbot can generally determine the subject without being told specifically what it is; ie if a user inputs "I can't do this integral" it'll correctly classify it as a calculus problem. After conversing with the chatbot the user is directed to upload an image of their problem, then is redirected into a private room.The "tutor" can then enter the private room and converse in real time with the "student". To help illustrate certain concepts, the teacher & student can draw on a collaborative whiteboard component, which updates in real time using websockets. If necessary, either the student or the teacher can initiate a video call with the student by pressing the camera icon.There are a few more features under-the-hood... here's a full list:FeaturesReal-time chat with websocketsReal-time 'whiteboard' component that teachers can useUser can edit data such as gradelevel/biography/account type for better classificationSeparate dashboards and user types (one for students, one for teachers)Students initialize their problem by conversing with an intelligent chatbotChatbot uses NLP (Google Dialogflow) to determine intent and subject of the problemSentiment analysis using the VADER modelEmoji picker for user-to-user chatrooms  (:D)Credits system (perhaps some business viability there... but just a proof-of-concept for now)History + auto-saving feature, allowing students to re-open their issue if need beImage uploads + storage w/ GRIDFSSMS updates for students when they're offline but their question receives a response Optional Audio/Video calls - with a cool draggable container! (check out the demo video)IntegrationsMongoDBAs with most of my projects, I used MongoDB. As the 'M' in the MERN stack, Mongo was a natural choice. I used Mongo for...Storing the 'problem' objects that users can access and manipulateStoring user-uploaded images using Mongo GridFSIn addition, the database itself was hosted on MongoDB Atlas, which saved me the time and headache of running Mongo locally. Thanks Mongo for making an awesome suite of tools!OktaThis was my first time using any of Okta's tools - but it won't be the last! Working with Okta's libraries was amazing, and it saved me the headache of having to implement auth using something like passport, not to mention all the other cool stuff that Okta provides. Thanks Okta!These were the Okta features I used:Basic email/password authenticationSocial authentication providers (I used Google and FB)Multi-Factor Authentication with SMSSelf-service registrationCustom login page (background & logo)Custom attributes and scopes (these were super helpful once I got them to work. I'm proud to say that all of Aristotl's user data is stored within Okta - no external database needed!)Other standard but cool features of the React library or the Node.js SDK: protected routes, verifying requests, verifying websocket connections, etc.TwilioThis was not the first time I used twilio, and so it was great to get the update that twilio joined in as a sponsor for this hackathon! Thanks Twilio for the credits and for your awesome APIs!In this project, twilio was used in two ways:Programmable SMS for the alerts to inactive usersProgrammable Video for the audio/video conferencing option 
 Once a member of cert you can either request for assistance, respond to an emergency call or donate as a partner.When you make a CERT call a message, containing information about your location(optional but recommended), the number of people injured(if any), a short description of the situation, is broadcasted to other CERT members, health facilities nearby and the police(when necessary). The people who chose to respond provides a list of the resources they can bring with and we try as much as possible to optimize the resources deployed in response to a particular call. If the resources available are not enough more people are contacted, but if they are in excess we redirect them to other calls.AboutCERT is a community-based network of people who volunteer to respond to any emergencies around them within the shortest time possible based on their proximity and easily accessible resources such as medical expertise,  food, clean water, shelter, blood, medicine,  fire extinguishers, vehicles, etc. 
 It simply uses Jsoup library, you can use the selector syntax from there, and you can play with your content easily. 
  
  
 Create a custom log for a unit transaction in a process with enhanced user readability.Logs are classified and maintained in separate directories. (i.e. Healthy and Quarantine)The log file will be in HTML format and responsive to end-user screen size. 
 