 
  
 Being a citizen of Indore, lack of parking discipline among citizens was being felt as the major challenge touching everyday life. Another challenge was shortage of authorized and known parking spaces leading to traffic chaos specially in peak times and seasons, more so as the city scales up. Inspired by digital India initiatives including smart city, and a strong desire to solve this major problem, along with an effort to bring about parking discipline culture in the city led to this innovative solution.  
 Over 300+ customers have requested an onpremises add-on from Lucidchart. We built this for them, and for all the others who wanted Lucidchart, but were unable to adopt our cloud-based solution.Why it's specialWhile we were not able to replicate all of web-based Lucidchart's functionality (e.g., mobile apps, @mentioning, free integrations, etc.), we still wanted to deliver the premier self-hosted solution for Confluence. Below are a few features that only we are able to offer to customers behind firewalls.Real-time collaboration - multiple editors can diagram together in real-time without overriding each other's edits, enhancing collaboration. Lucidchart OnPrem is the first self-hosted add-on with real-time collaborationIn-editor collaboration - comment on shapes, leave feedback, and record next steps within the diagramPresentation-mode - easily create presentations from diagrams for meetings, or embed as slides in pagesVisio import / export - high-fidelity Visio import and exportAuto-generate diagrams - automatically generate ERDs and other diagrams from source files, like .schemaAll of these features come in addition to the standard functionality of creating, editing, and embedding diagrams, charts, and visuals to improve communication in Confluence. Lucidchart also includes extensive templates and shape libraries for network diagrams, flowcharts, UML diagrams, UI mockups, Venn diagrams, org charts and more. How we built itWe reimplemented some of the back end code of our cloud app within the Confluence environment and tweaked the front end to work with it. In the process we had to make significant changes to core system concepts like users, collaboration, comments, diagrams, and attachments so that they make sense on this new platform. Since this add-on has to work on instances without any internet access, we had to bundle all the necessary resources (js, css, images, fonts, templates, etc.) inside the add-on instead of loading them on-demand from a CDN. Implementing some of our unique features like real-time collaboration was particularly challenging as this is not a feature implemented for Server-based add-ons, and the approach was new to the add-on ecosystem.Challenges we ran intoWe ran into several major challenges in taking the functionality of our add-on from the cloud to fully onpremises. Among these were challenges enabling real-time collaboration, using an embedded rich viewer within Confluence to create slide shows, and taking our 100% cloud-based functionality into a format that can be used entirely behind a firewall.What's next for Lucidchart OnPrem for Confluence ServerWe are currently taking the lessons we learned from building Lucidchart OnPrem and applying them to our web-based Lucidchart add-on. These changes will make both products faster, more reliable, and more valuable to our end users. Aside from the business push, we also plan to continue iterating and improving upon the add-on based on customer feedback. For instance, we will be releasing a new version with improved revision history controls shortly.SummaryJust like taking a Server-based add-on to the Cloud, taking Lucidchart to the Server was challenging and required many large and small changes to our existing product to deliver an excellent solution for our customers. We hope you'll enjoy testing Lucidchart OnPrem. Feel free to give us your thoughts as we are always working to make our products better, faster, and smarter. Thanks!Built Withatlassianauiconfluencegoogle-closure-compilerjavajavascriptlessTry it outmarketplace.atlassian.com      Submitted to    Atlassian Codegeist: Add-on HackathonWinner                Popular choice add-on                  Created by  Blaine FarrDmitry PashkevichI am a software engineer at Lucid Software where I work on Lucidchart and its integrations with Atlassian products.Rob ChristiansenOwen Krafft 
 Normally developers keep track of their work hours inside Jira and then need to copy/paste this information into another system which is used by the whole organisation. This is why we built a smart clock tool that allows developers to clock time and then save as worklog entry. The entry including hours and comments  get automatically transferred to Cronforce. What Cronforce Time Tracking for Jira doesCronforce includes features such as:Track time from issues in JIRASave automatically in CronforceProject and task selections are pre-populated once chosen.Entries are populated with the issue ID and title.Worklogs are automatically createdHow I built itIt took us quite a lot of time because we already have an integration with Jira that connects from Cronforce to Jira and pulls all booked times. Now we had to implement the opposite plus ensure both integration work smoothly with each other as well as make the addon smarter and user friendly e.g. pre-select project to track etc.Challenges I ran intoWe did not run into particular challenges but we enjoyed the process very much and learned a ton about the inner workings of Atlassian products and Jira in particular.Accomplishments that I'm proud ofWe have mastered the Atlassian SDK and it helped us do some improvements on our own API.What I learnedAtlassian SDK, API best practices.What's next for Cronforce Time Tracking for JiraWe will add some more features such as:Add an option in the worklog window to push hours into Cronforce - not every developer wants to run a clock tool so we want to allow to sync entries made directly into the worklog.Sync times based on collaborator, not assignee as until now.Detect and select the project to book time before starting the timerand of course a lot more other feature requests from our clients.Cronforce - made with love in BerlinUpdate: Here is our dedicated jira time tracking video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y6uRcYc2hMwBuilt Withangular.jscss3html5javascriptjirajsonrestTry it outmarketplace.atlassian.comcronforce.comcronforce.com      Submitted to    Atlassian Codegeist: Add-on Hackathon    Created by  I have covered plenty of tasks but this is a team effort. Many great people put numerous hours into it.Uri KellerPassionate about Developer Efficiency. Check out www.cronforce.comBelarmino CerqueiraJoão CostaMig VentureOak 
 taxi problems in Morroco 
  
  
 Being a citizen of Indore, lack of parking discipline among citizens was being felt as the major challenge touching everyday life. Another challenge was shortage of authorized and known parking spaces leading to traffic chaos specially in peak times and seasons, more so as the city scales up. Inspired by digital India initiatives including smart city, and a strong desire to solve this major problem, along with an effort to bring about parking discipline culture in the city led to this innovative solution.  
 Over 300+ customers have requested an onpremises add-on from Lucidchart. We built this for them, and for all the others who wanted Lucidchart, but were unable to adopt our cloud-based solution.Why it's specialWhile we were not able to replicate all of web-based Lucidchart's functionality (e.g., mobile apps, @mentioning, free integrations, etc.), we still wanted to deliver the premier self-hosted solution for Confluence. Below are a few features that only we are able to offer to customers behind firewalls.Real-time collaboration - multiple editors can diagram together in real-time without overriding each other's edits, enhancing collaboration. Lucidchart OnPrem is the first self-hosted add-on with real-time collaborationIn-editor collaboration - comment on shapes, leave feedback, and record next steps within the diagramPresentation-mode - easily create presentations from diagrams for meetings, or embed as slides in pagesVisio import / export - high-fidelity Visio import and exportAuto-generate diagrams - automatically generate ERDs and other diagrams from source files, like .schemaAll of these features come in addition to the standard functionality of creating, editing, and embedding diagrams, charts, and visuals to improve communication in Confluence. Lucidchart also includes extensive templates and shape libraries for network diagrams, flowcharts, UML diagrams, UI mockups, Venn diagrams, org charts and more. How we built itWe reimplemented some of the back end code of our cloud app within the Confluence environment and tweaked the front end to work with it. In the process we had to make significant changes to core system concepts like users, collaboration, comments, diagrams, and attachments so that they make sense on this new platform. Since this add-on has to work on instances without any internet access, we had to bundle all the necessary resources (js, css, images, fonts, templates, etc.) inside the add-on instead of loading them on-demand from a CDN. Implementing some of our unique features like real-time collaboration was particularly challenging as this is not a feature implemented for Server-based add-ons, and the approach was new to the add-on ecosystem.Challenges we ran intoWe ran into several major challenges in taking the functionality of our add-on from the cloud to fully onpremises. Among these were challenges enabling real-time collaboration, using an embedded rich viewer within Confluence to create slide shows, and taking our 100% cloud-based functionality into a format that can be used entirely behind a firewall.What's next for Lucidchart OnPrem for Confluence ServerWe are currently taking the lessons we learned from building Lucidchart OnPrem and applying them to our web-based Lucidchart add-on. These changes will make both products faster, more reliable, and more valuable to our end users. Aside from the business push, we also plan to continue iterating and improving upon the add-on based on customer feedback. For instance, we will be releasing a new version with improved revision history controls shortly.SummaryJust like taking a Server-based add-on to the Cloud, taking Lucidchart to the Server was challenging and required many large and small changes to our existing product to deliver an excellent solution for our customers. We hope you'll enjoy testing Lucidchart OnPrem. Feel free to give us your thoughts as we are always working to make our products better, faster, and smarter. Thanks!Built Withatlassianauiconfluencegoogle-closure-compilerjavajavascriptlessTry it outmarketplace.atlassian.com      Submitted to    Atlassian Codegeist: Add-on HackathonWinner                Popular choice add-on                  Created by  Blaine FarrDmitry PashkevichI am a software engineer at Lucid Software where I work on Lucidchart and its integrations with Atlassian products.Rob ChristiansenOwen Krafft 
 Normally developers keep track of their work hours inside Jira and then need to copy/paste this information into another system which is used by the whole organisation. This is why we built a smart clock tool that allows developers to clock time and then save as worklog entry. The entry including hours and comments  get automatically transferred to Cronforce. What Cronforce Time Tracking for Jira doesCronforce includes features such as:Track time from issues in JIRASave automatically in CronforceProject and task selections are pre-populated once chosen.Entries are populated with the issue ID and title.Worklogs are automatically createdHow I built itIt took us quite a lot of time because we already have an integration with Jira that connects from Cronforce to Jira and pulls all booked times. Now we had to implement the opposite plus ensure both integration work smoothly with each other as well as make the addon smarter and user friendly e.g. pre-select project to track etc.Challenges I ran intoWe did not run into particular challenges but we enjoyed the process very much and learned a ton about the inner workings of Atlassian products and Jira in particular.Accomplishments that I'm proud ofWe have mastered the Atlassian SDK and it helped us do some improvements on our own API.What I learnedAtlassian SDK, API best practices.What's next for Cronforce Time Tracking for JiraWe will add some more features such as:Add an option in the worklog window to push hours into Cronforce - not every developer wants to run a clock tool so we want to allow to sync entries made directly into the worklog.Sync times based on collaborator, not assignee as until now.Detect and select the project to book time before starting the timerand of course a lot more other feature requests from our clients.Cronforce - made with love in BerlinUpdate: Here is our dedicated jira time tracking video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y6uRcYc2hMwBuilt Withangular.jscss3html5javascriptjirajsonrestTry it outmarketplace.atlassian.comcronforce.comcronforce.com      Submitted to    Atlassian Codegeist: Add-on Hackathon    Created by  I have covered plenty of tasks but this is a team effort. Many great people put numerous hours into it.Uri KellerPassionate about Developer Efficiency. Check out www.cronforce.comBelarmino CerqueiraJoão CostaMig VentureOak 
 taxi problems in Morroco 
 While on my trip to a hilly terrain region in remote parts of India, I faced a lot of difficulties to drive through the region, which had challenges like muddy slippery road, lack of street lights and U shaped curves. This was a common problem among tourist and goods travelers in this region frequently, which increased the maintenance cost of their vehicle. I took this as an opportunity to resolve this problem, which gave rise to Maasto-101 
 An attempt to develop a model to detect cancer. We also worked on abnormality detection in brain and lungs. Till now was only able to complete this basic model. 
  
 To try and model the stock price movement pattern 
  
 Previously, we (team behind StepShot) developed a plug-in, StepShot Step-by-Step Guides Creator, to automate the creation process for IT documentation; however, it was a little complicated to use for quick and simple tasks, such as taking a screenshot and adding some instructions on top of it. That’s why we decided to simplify the work process of thousands of IT professionals by creating StepShot Image Editor, which has all the necessary functions to annotate the images.  
 In Morocco, cabs are allowed to have multiple stops to pick up a maximum of three passengers. Therefore, a taxi driver who already has a passenger aboard is constrained to only pick up other passengers _ going the same way_. Eventually, before getting into the cab, the passenger has to ask the driver if they are both going the same direction, which can be  exhausting for both passengers and taxi drivers. In mid-August, my teammate and I came across the Code4Cabs Challenge and found it a great opportunity to contribute to enhancing the taxi-driver/passenger experience in Morocco. In fact, before starting the development of the project, Ali and I have conducted a survey where we have asked more than 120 taxi drivers from Rabat and Casablanca about their preferences about applications they may need. This experience was very enriching as it allowed us to study the real need of taxi drivers which inspired us to come up with ChedliTaxi. According to our survey audience, here is the taxi-driver's wish list:I do not want to stop if the client is not getting into the cab.I need a way to know the client's destination before stopping.I do not want to be stopped by two people when I have only one free seat.I need a service that will tell me where the nearest next potential clients are.I do not want to make detours to reach to clients and find out they are going to a different locations. Unfortunately, all the applications available to users and taxi-drivers are based solely Google Maps and Geocoding APIs, which do not give precise information in Morocco (wrong direction, nonexistent streets.) Worse, although these services can be very efficient when used in developed countries, using them in Morocco just makes the driver's wish list longer.Our idea is to make use of the most powerful CPU in the business, the driver's brain, to judge whether a client is worth picking or not. In fact, the process was mainly inspired from the wish list above; ChedliTaxi lets you send a request with a vocal message to drivers that are on the same street as you, or at most 300 meters away from you. What ChedliTaxi doesThe application comes in a passenger version and a taxi driver one. The typical Chedli Taxi workflow is as follows:The application set the departure point to the current location of the clientThe client records a Voice Message about the destination and chooses the number of seats needed (1 to 3)The application's algorithm takes care of broadcasting the request to only cabs who are in the same street as the client, or those who are at most 300 meters away.The drivers receive the request, see the client position on the map and the number of seats, listen to the voice message, judge the route (as if they were stopped, but without wasting time) then either Accept or Decline the request.The client can track drivers on the mapThe client can choose to send a new request, in which case, the previous request expiresChallenges we ran intoAs we only found out about the project one month and a half ago, developing ChedliTaxi was not a straightforward job. As you may know, proper Android development takes time especially when dealing with a Real-Time communication application (synchronization of tasks...).In fact, we have received many returns with nonexistent streets and wrong directions that made the Exception Handling process very tiring. Accomplishments that we're proud ofWe are glad that the application made it through almost all the tests, from sending the request until having it accepted by a driver. The minimal bugs reported during the testing phase are to be fixed and patched in ChedliTaxi V2.What's next for ChedliTaxiActually, clients will fall in love with ChedliTaxi if there is a big number of drivers using it as well. The client would ideally use the application to find available taxis instantly. Therefore, the next phase is application marketing; we need to have as many drivers and clients using the application. Concerning the future of the application development, as mentioned previously, we will be accordingly releasing patches to bugs discovered by users.Built Withandroidandroid-studiogoogle-mapsjavamysqlphp      Submitted to    Ford Code for Taxicabs Mobility ChallengeWinner                Third Prize              Winner                Popular Choice                  Created by  I took care of coding the application after my teammate and I have made the software design together. The UI design was done by my teammate Ali Hammouda.Mohammed Bakr SikalAfter doing the software design with my teammate, I took care of preparing all the UI related assets and activities' designs. The coding of the application was done by teammate Mohammed Bakr Sikal.Ali Hammouda 
  
  
 bl 
  
 I wanted to explore Mobile and Cloud technology in such a way that social fabric can have an advantage out of the outcome of my exploration. 
 In the current media landscape, control over distribution has become almost as important as the actual creation of content, and that has given Facebook a huge amount of power. The impact that Facebook newsfeed has in the formation of opinions in the real world is so huge that it potentially affected the 2016 election decisions, however these newsfeed were not completely accurate. Our solution? FiB because  With 1.5 Billion Users, Every Single Tweak in an Algorithm Can Make a Change, and we dont stop at just one. 
  
  
 Ever happened to you, that you urgently left for somewhere and reached even more late because of the road traffics, diversions, constructions, obstructions,etc ?This is exactly what inspired us to make TrafFeed. Because technically, its far better to know about the delay beforehand and save the time to be wasted by a bit than to reach by the end of the ceremony. And keeping in mind the safety of people driving on roads, the app also promotes awareness posts and notices. 
  
 Our inspiration was to create a product that revolutionizes how Agile and traditional organizations manage releases and programs. We wanted to provide rich functionality for Program, Project and Release managers and teams that will allow them to design and use any processes that control the execution of their initiatives, similar to what JIRA provides for individual issues. 
 Ever happened to you that on red signal you are behind stop line but many people are on the stop or on pedestrian crossing making it difficult for people to cross road. Or on no-parking area people are parking their vehicles making it difficult for others to drive in that area. It makes me thinking can we this dump traffic cctv camera's, speakers smarter & with that born a smart near real time video analysis solution Traffico.  
 Working in an international team involves working in multiple time zones.As a result, there are tons of emails of JIRA issue updates in the Inbox every morning.The plug-in is designed to reduce the read time of these JIRA notifications by intelligently grouping JIRA issue updates and sending them as a digest at a scheduled time per user. 
 Ever happened to you, that you urgently left for somewhere and rather, reached late because of the road traffics, obstructions, etc? This is exactly what inspired us to make this App because technically, it’s far better to know about the delay beforehand and save the time. Before leaving we can search for real time traffic, traffic signals, shortest route availability, and Road bumps without getting stuck in traffic and for safety we have all numbers and shortest path in it for safe driving. As we know Indore is in top 4 commercial cities, by conducting this contest, FORD encouraged us for developing an App which can increase awareness towards public transport and help in preventing road accidents. An initiative called Drive Safe to prevent road accidents was launched in the city.  Shri P. Narahari District Collector, Indore and Mr. Sandeep Soni Joint Collector & CEO Atal Indore City Transport Services Ltd (AICTSL) Indore and public transport administration, are working on the issue.They inspired us to provide a Safety platform which can contribute in their campaign and help in preventing Accidents. 
 As a JIRA Administrator, we often encounter issues which cannot be resolved with the use of JQL. There's a spectrum of issues which requires us to use SQL to mine data from JIRA database.Reporting and ChartingJIRA utilisation and issue created for every projects and productDay to day Project usageAttachment and File and Storage ManagementSpace used by attachment for each projectLocating of attachment in serverUser ManagementUser login statisticIdentifying user that are not logged in and taking up license countMaintenance and Health CheckChecking database for re-indexing issue errorsIdentifying broken dependency in database level 
 In a sense, social media has democratized news media itself -- through it, we have all become "news editors" to some degree, shaping what our friends read through our shares, likes, and comments. Is it any wonder, then, that "fake news" has become such a widespread problem? In such partisan times, it is easy to find ourselves ourselves siloed off within ideological echo chambers. After all, we are held in thrall not only by our cognitive biases to seek out confirmatory information, but also by the social media algorithms trained to feed such biases for the sake of greater ad revenue. Most worryingly, these ideological silos can serve as breeding grounds for fake news, as stories designed to mislead their audience are circulated within the target political community, building outrage and exacerbating ignorance with each new share. We believe that the problem of fake news is intimately related to the problem of the ideological echo chambers we find ourselves inhabiting. As such, we designed "Open Mind" to attack these two problems at their root. 
  
 We wished to create a good open source alternative for server management console panels. This would have been a perfect project to apply our knowledge of web development, networking and Linux and create a product to help others who aren't familiar with it. 
  
 The traffic demand is always exceed the highway capacity tremendously of Hsuehshan Tunnel in Taiwan during the peak period on holidays. We must to find some way out for this problem. 
  
 The models are created so that these can be directly used to automate some common processes that can be used by many apps for various use cases. 
 Our technology firm Kickdrum has been working with hybrid onshore and offshore teams for many years. Our people are distributed geographically and across many time zones, working on very large software projects around the clock. Most of the work is done by people that are not in the room with us - people who are awake when we are sleeping. This gap makes it critical to communicate vision, requirements, status and bugs as clearly as possible, or else we’re stuck having to wait until tomorrow to try again.We set out to design something that is a game-changer for remote team communication.  We needed HYFY to be as powerful as video conferencing but not require everyone to be online at the same time.  Our goal is to make HYFY the simplest way to record your screen & voice and share instantly so the team just “gets it.” With a single click, you can narrate a video story of your work and share it immediately wherever your team works.  In our case, that's JIRA and HipChat. 
 While many tools exists to facilitate planned remote meetings, distributed teammates tend to get left out of ad hoc or impromptu meetings.These informal meetings often generate important decisions, but it’s hard to make sure all relevant teammates are included. By the time you determine if your remote teammate is available and get them on the phone, the conversation could already be over — and you risk taking teammates out of the zone with the interruption.Even worse, if you don’t document what was discussed, you risk losing the insight gained from the conversation. 
 A user wanted to sort all issue type changes in a specfic Jira project according to date range & issue type selection.  
 While working with one of our customers we realized several manufacturing facilities lack a comprehensive indoor tracking, automation and control system. Most of the available solutions are GPS based, which is not a viable technology indoors. We realized that there is a definitive need for a location based solution that can track, automate and monitor indoor manufacturing facilities. 
 Indore is a place with lots of commuters but this city doesn't have a proper app. that help them select shortest & safest road to travel.  
 From the touching scenes of seeing a beggar fill his bottle with dirty water from a roadside pit to women queuing and fighting every morning to fill their pots with water for their families, our inspiration primarily comes from these harsh realities of life that we have seen in front of our eyes. Despite being a basic human right, access of clean water isn't available to many. Yet, more often, we city dwelling folks take this blessing for granted. Also, water crisis is a global phenomena. The problem is so interconnected that it cannot be addressed on an individual or national level. In California, while it is understood that agriculture remains one of the major users of water, putting substantial pressure on this sector to reduce its water usage can create a ripple effect on the economy through increased food prices and unemployment. It is these realisations that led us to devise a solution for Urban Water management that holds the city dwelling folks accountable for their actions and is easily scalable globally. The solution aspires to use the power of technology to manage not just California’s but the world's water crisis problem and remind everyone that Water is a precious resource that needs to be used wisely. 
 Although there are so many documentation tools nowadays, the problem that documentation is expected to be an exceptional boredom still exists. The idea is to make software process documentation within enterprises as simple as possible. 
 The inspiration for HeyTaxi comes from the good films about artificial intelligence:  Spike Jonze’s Her,  where the conversation with an Artificial intelligence becomes the user interface it self. 
 In almost all automation which are related to email attachment required such snippet. 
 It is inspired by the data of the csv files and ways of predicting the co=ordinates and the prediction of it. 
 Many of our team members are from Taipei, and several others still reside there, so we know the pains of local traffic quite well. Being able to adapt our traffic solution with unique features designed to reduce Hsuehshan Tunnel congestion is a blessing. 
 One of the team members grandfathers went blind after slipping and hitting his spinal cord, going from a completely independent individual to reliant on others for everything. The lack of options was upsetting, how could a man who was so independent be so severely limited by a small accident. The technology to solve these problems exist but a lack of engineering effort means no options exist in today's market. We hope to help our team member's grandfather and others like him regain his independence by making a tool that is affordable, efficient, and liberating.  
 In Africa, where I come from, internet access is a very big deal. Internet access costs an average of about 1$ for just 10MB, so, it's only for very important reasons you want to use it. Affording a couple of dollars might even be spared at times but buying a smart phone or a laptop is more expensive, all because you want to access your email. A cyber cafe would have even been a cheaper alternative to access your email, but cyber security is the greatest challenge in this case. Remote Access Trojans (RATs), keyloggers and other spyware make cyber cafes dangerous to use, to access your email.As a Microsoft Office Specialist Master, a software developer and a security certified expert, I decided to develop a solution that will help users access their emails offline using a simple phone call or SMS (Short Message Service) from a verified phone number. New emails come in as phone calls and SMS (Short Message Service) as well. This solution not only provides offline access to emails alone but also to files and calendar events. 
 The main inspiration behind this idea is "Most of the organisations avoid using PDF related automation because of OCR & its accuracy, and they miss to utilize wonderful functionality of UiPath which can extract the data with 100% accuracy from Native PDFs, with this snippet they will be able to segregate the PDFs based on its type(Native or Scanned)." 
  
 We live in a world where every year millions of people are migrating. In 2018, 240 million people migrated to other countries and 20% of them were displaced. We want to create a tool to facilitate immigrants start over again. 
 Basically, when faced with the challenge of coming up with a final year project as requirement to fulfillment of my BSc pursuit in Systems Engineering, I had no idea what kind of project i can work on, so i made some research and did some findings where I discovered that in some rural and under-developed areas in the world today, during malaria diagnosis by a skilled and experienced lab scientist, manual counting of presence of malaria parasite in a cell is still done just to verify if a patient is infected with malaria or not. 
 Creating a Casino with blockchain is one of the best uses of blockchain as its provably fair. We wanted to create a Casino where people enjoy and are not cheated. KIN seemed to give us a way to reward people. 
 Games with split screen multiplayer are currently few and far between especially on mobile and we wanted to bring that experience back  , so we built Touch Wizards a game where you can grap your pal and challenge him into a wizard duel 
 We start from the principle that business wants to turn the platform in an auto-sustainable system to attract both influencers and brands automatically.We also had a vision that MuseFind wants to keep a closer contact/relation with their customers.With this terms we designed a new website that can clearly pass a message to  influencer and brand they can achieve their goals conecting to each other through the platform. 
 On a normal working day, we were a team of 4-5 people sitting together and had built a website earlier. We were not at all active in checking whether the website is used by ANYONE at all. So we started using Google Analytics for the same. Days passed by, and we were just too lazy to open up the google analytics dashboard everyday and check. Luckily, we had Alexa with us and we wanted something easier for us. Why not just ask Alexa about it? 
  
 Being a streamer and developer I'm always running out of time to do things, so when a viewer sends me a gift or package to my POBOX, I want to make sure the package is there. Sometimes when I would get to the post office to pick up the package there was a delay and I ended up having to go back in a day or two. Or worse yet showing up and it's not there and I have to try and get a tracking number from the person who sent it!  
 Montreal, the so-called Paris of North America, is one of the main touristic attractions in Canada.  With around 10 million tourists visiting Montreal and a population of 4 million, it is easy to see why parking is becoming a greater challenge more than ever before. Therefore, we have created an app that makes the understanding of multiple parking panels easy. 
 The inspiration for this application came from the lack of applications which can create and organize small-scale social events. There are many applications for mobile devices which allow users to create large-scale events with high expected populations. LITT is the perfect solution for events of all sizes and formalities. We were also interested in making an application which is like social media, but at the same time does not involve only device-to-device interaction. Thus the name: "Life and Interaction Through Technology". With LITT, users are able to use technology to experience the natural joy and enjoyment of real-life interaction. 
 From the times we had to help a visually impaired person on the street where we wish we could have done more. From the realization that having to perform and function in a foreign space is anxiety inducing enough as able bodied people. The thought of facing this challenge as someone with a visual impairment seems next to impossible without guidance.  
 It’s an exciting time for innovations in ed tech, and chatbots are at the forefront.Chatbots allow for the automation of repetitive and time-consuming communication while freeing up more time for meaningful discussions and interactions between professors and students. Should professors be wasting time answering questions such as “When is the paper due?” or replying to emails such as “When are your office hours?”. Instead they could be engaged in something more productive such as analysis of the material they reviewed in class. Chatbots can also help them conduct realtime poll in the classroom. Apart from these, the idea of personal attention for each and every student (something we plan to work on in near future) is another main motivation for this project. Check out this video for more inspiration:   
  
 With the legalization of cannabis recently in Canada and the ever-lasting threat of people endangering lives while driving under the influence, we wanted to make an accurate, easy-to-use, yet powerful tool to detect sobriety in individuals. This could be used as a tool to prevent your friends from driving under the influence, by law enforcement to detect inebriated people or companies looking to make sure their employees are sober before operating heavy machinerie. 
  
 There is a growing number of people sharing gardens in Montreal. As a lot of people share apartment buildings, it is indeed more convenient to share gardens than to have their own. 
  
 All the E-commerce sites that exist focuses on selling products to users. What if you could post something you want and the seller gets to you? Different right? This is what inspired me to make Hyper! 
 628,521… was the total amount of reported criminal attacks against students on their way to and from school in the US elementary, secondary & universities campuses on 2014. From this amount, around 40 were murders and almost 170,000 were classified as serious violent victimizations such as rape, sexual assault, robbery, and aggravated assault [1]. We see these numbers more than a mere statistics but lives that were marked because of an unfortunate event.Also, between 2001 and 2013 on average 4% of students reported being afraid of an attack or harm on the way to and from school. This makes at least 2 million students in the U.S. (plus their parents) likely to be interested in using the application [1].So, how to improve our youngest’ safety? How to help them decide which is the safest path to their destination? Or even better, how to watch their steps remotely?We are living in a dynamic world in which everything is evolving at a very fast pace, even the way crimes are committed. We believe that people’s collaboration can make powerful contributions. Detroiters are already turning this belief into action by releasing the Detroit Strategic Framework Plan which is “a guiding blueprint for transforming Detroit from its current state of population loss and excessive vacancy into a model for the reinvention of post-industrial American cities” (Griffin, Cramer, & Powers, 2014) [2]. So the purpose is to design a community-based & crowdmapping application to enhance public safety by connecting you to a relative or friend by sharing your route so they keep an eye on you. As the security threats expert Marc Goodman puts it: “After all, public safety is too important to leave to the professionals”.Why is this app relevant to Detroit’s needs?Although this is an application for any pedestrian and/or driver located in any city, we identified the following reasons for which Detroit, initially, will be interested in this solution:Public safety is frequently addressed across the imperatives on the Detroit Strategic Framework Plan as evidence of citizen’s priority [3].At the Wayne State University & Wayne County Community College District campuses alone, an average of 87 criminal offenses per year were reported during 2012-2014 [4].There were more than 530 carjacking offenses, 2,600 street robberies and 9,100 aggravated assaults reported in Detroit on 2015 [5].There were 54,483 people involved in 22,833 crashes within Detroit in 2015 [6].Enables citizens to commute anytime and anywhere feeling safer, thus, increase economic growth, as “public safety plays a critical role in supporting economic growth and vitality by reducing the cost of crime and enhancing the desirability of communities as places to live and locate businesses”(Keeling & Cleverley, 2012) [7].Increase continuous improvement by creating a feedback loop empowering citizens participation by monitoring safety concerns within their neighborhood public areas.High people density with tech devices making them target to crimes.What it DoesMarauder mApp enhance security throughout your route (walking, public transport or car) by connecting you to a relative or friend by sharing your route so they can watch your real-time path remotely. It also enables you to foresee any security alerts, street lights that are not working or hazards raised by other active users. Thanks to this you will be able to find the best path with the least dangers.The application displays an emergency button to call 911 and it also features a panic mode which alerts your virtual watcher if you are in trouble (New feature). This panic mode is triggered automatically if you suddenly drop your mobile and/or run or while driving if a car door is opened or the airbags deployed (This feature is not included on the Demo yet). When triggered it will begin a countdown of 5 seconds allowing you to dismiss the alert in case of a false alarm. When driving the alert can be dismissed by a voice command (This feature is not included on the Demo yet). We envision the application to be compatible with smart cities initiatives, such as street lights that are equipped with motion sensors and cameras. This way Marauder mApp can give life to your route by enabling you and your virtual companion to watch your path in advance with real-time activity and pictures streamed from outdoor street lights --- this real-time data version is available on the demo.While driving, Marauder mApp provides traffic data along your route (New feature). This uses the GE Current street light data which provides traffic information such as the amount of cars in your route and the lanes used.What makes this possible?Although Marauder mApp can be implemented with smartphone technology alone, its experience can be enhanced by leveraging car hardware modules (e.g. OpenXC) and city infrastructure such as public lighting technology (e.g. GE Current motion sensors and cameras).The video streaming, pedestrian and traffic information rely on the GE Predix platform and its usage of GE Current street lights. The use of Predix and the GE Current street lights are not the only options to gather this information. Any cameras and other type of sensors with internet capabilities can be integrated with Marauder mApp. For example, the cameras installed on highways by the State of Michigan could be hooked up to provide video (http://mdotnetpublic.state.mi.us/drive).The panic mode feature can be enabled with current smartphone technology. Sudden motions such as the phone falling or a user running can be detected both in iOS and Android devices. The panic mode for the vehicle users can be implemented using the OpenXC platform. Marauder mApp can be connected to the car ODB-II port via Bluetooth allowing the application to extract information from the vehicle such as the doors, airbag status and vehicle emergency codes.MVP Testing Instructions & FeaturesGo to http://godetroit.iamweb.com:3000/Create an account --- you can use fake e-mail if preferred, test@user.com works.Click on "Create Route’.Input "365-399 Broadway, San Diego, CA 92101, USA" in the From text box [a].Input "1402 K Street, San Diego, CA 92101, USA" in the To textbox [a].Let the Marauder mApp know if your are walking or driving.Click on "Get Route".MVP Demo ExplanationA map will show up displaying the recommended route. The traced path indicates the three GE Current streetlights available as dots. Every time there is activity within the LED sensor’s range a location marker will pop-up. If you roll your mouse over any of these markers, the total count of people in the area will pop-up.At the bottom of the screen, images streamed from the recommended route’s outdoor streetlights will be displayed. Share your route by clicking on "Share".If clicked on your cell phone will send the route link to any friend on Whatsapp [b].If clicked on a desktop browser, the share button will copy the route’s URL to the clipboard to be shared as needed.You can click the emergency button which will display the alert message your watcher would see.Additionally, there is a yellow “Panic Demo!” button. Clicking it will trigger panic mode and will display a dialog with a countdown.If the countdown goes down to zero an alert message that would be shown to your watcher will appear.You can click the “I’m okay” button which will stop the countdown and bring you back to your route.You can click the “I need help!” button which will display the alert message.Note a: This is the only route that works on this MVP as the LED sensors are narrowed down to this area.Note b: Whatsapp is supported as an example. Other messaging applications such as SMS, iMessage or Facebook Messenger can be added.What’s New on Marauder mApp goDetroitShare and watch routes not only walking but on car as well.Notify your virtual companion once you have arrived.New panic mode triggered by running, airbag deployment and other events.New 911 emergency button.Gather traffic data from the Predix platform.What’s Next for Marauder mAppCommunicate street light sensors to coordinate traffic lights for a rapid traffic flow.Trigger the panic mode if the user runs and/or drops the mobile.Leverage OpenXC while driving to trigger the panic mode by monitoring the user’s vehicle: Panic mode starts if the vehicle doors are opened or the airbags are deployed.Add a new “I’m nervous” button.  When clicked the user needs to keep it pressed. If the finger is removed trigger the panic mode.Enable active users to share real-time security alerts, street lights that are not working, accidents, and other hazards.Enable virtual companion to recommend pedestrian to change route.Filter streamed camera images by selecting streetlight on the map.Position the pedestrian being watched on the map. (Currently can be done but for demonstration purposes, since there are only 3 sensors in San Diego).How was the Project built?Marauder mApp is built on Javascript with Node.js, MongoDB and the Meteor Framework. This is used to create a lightweight web application that can be executed either on desktop or mobile and that can display information on real time.To display the information the GE Predix platform is used. The project consumes four Predix microservices: User Account and Authentication, Pedestrian Planning, Public Safety and Traffic Planning. GE’s Intelligent Environment Public Safety API service provides real-time and historical images/video from each intelligent LED light installed in a city.Accomplishments we are proud ofThe project is able to trace routes that contain the GE Current streetlights and Cameras as way-points so that the route you take can be watched. The real time sharing of information is really powerful because the pedestrian does not need to have the phone on the hand, and suspicious activity is noted by the watcher, a message or a phone call will make them change the route.Projected Use-CaseAlice wants to go from the University to her house late at night after a long study session. She pulls her mobile, opens Marauder mApp and enters her destination, she then decides to send a request to her friend Bob so that he can keep an eye on her journey home.While Bob makes himself a sandwich, he gets a few pictures of Alice getting outside of the University from his home computer. Dinner in hand, he checks some images from a couple of blocks ahead of Alice. Seen everything looks fine he goes back to his dinner and starts reading a book.Every few blocks the application asks Alice for a notification on how she's doing. Bob can look at images from cameras Alice has passed by while he enjoys his evening. (This feature is not included on the Demo yet)After some time into his placid watch, Bob gets a notification to his mobile. Turns out some pedestrian activity has been detected some blocks away from Alice. With a few clicks Bob checks the images from around that area. It looks like a couple took out their dog for a night walk. He decides not to change Alice's suggested path and goes back to his dinner.Once Alice gets home she sends a last notification to Bob thanking him for his watch. Bob sees Alice has arrived home safe while brushing his teeth, turns off his application and goes to sleep.ReferencesOffice of Postsecondary Education of the U.S. Department of Education & The National Center for Education Statistics (NCES).Griffin, T., Cramer, D., & Powers, M. (2014). Detroit Works Long-Term Planning Project: Engagement Strategies for Blending Community and Technical Expertise. Retrieved from Multidisciplinary Digital Publishing Institute: http://www.mdpi.com/2075-5309/4/4/711/pdf2012 Detroit Strategic Framework Plan. (2013). Retrieved from Detroit Future City: https://detroitfuturecity.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/DFC_Full_2nd.pdfThe National Center for Education Statistics (NCES)City of Detroit open dataMichigan Traffic Crash Facts.Keeling, M., & Cleverley, M. (2012). Accelerating economic growth and vitality through smarter public safety management. Retrieved from IBM Global Business Services: https://eu-ems.com/event_images/Downloads/IBM%20-%20Accelerating%20Economic%20Growth%20through%20Smart%20Public%20Safety.pdfBuilt Withamazon-ec2amazon-web-servicesbootstrapgoogle-mapsjavascriptmeteor.jsnode.jspredixTry it outgodetroit.iamweb.com      Submitted to    Go DetroitWinner                Popular Choice                  Created by  Created the original concept, changed map functionality to include all the emergency options.Rafael Angel Garcia de RegilSoftware Developer and Entrepreneur. Trying to change the world one line of code at a timeExtend the original concept and idea as well as adding new functionality.Jorge IssaJuan IssaChallenging the status quo 
 How many time have you forgotten to text your mom to let her know that you had reached home safely after volley-ball practice? How many times have you also forgotten to text Jennifer that you had got home in one piece after a wild night out ? Too many times! But now, we're fixing it!  
 SlapStick, the idea or the inspiration behind this could be none other than my friends who were so frustated to find cartoons especially 90's cartoons to watch for free and they had to download from torrent sites and these cartoons and comedy from the 90's made me nostalgic and that's where the idea was taken to the next stage 
 We love using our social media. We love text to our friends. Imagine having a friend who you can send your Math problem and get the answer in seconds? It would be amazing. All of this without leaving social media and without installing any other application. 
 Recycling rate in Singapore is quite low, with plastics at a mere 7%. Even if people know what materials are recyclable, they often don't have the habit of placing those items into recycling instead. Let's use technology to train people to build this habit! 
 For far too long, the healthcare industry has been woefully far behind the technological boom of the last two decades. While those in the ivory towers of the extremely well-endowed research centers of the world have been able to take advantage of cutting edge advances, the typical inclusive effect of technology on the average consumer has not yet been received by healthcare consumers. Essentially, while data is being manipulated by facebook to show you that cool new product you didn’t know you were dying to buy, there are literally millions of people globally for whom the same innovations could mean lives saved. We at PlainDoc believe that it is time for this trend of subpar healthcare personalization to be transformed forever. 
 India is the third largest producer of electricity, yet a large part of its electricity needs is fulfilled by Diesel Generators.The Diesel generator market is growing in India and is expected to reach USD 1.2 Billion by 2020. From telecom towers, to hospitals and corporate offices and manufacturing facilities depend heavily on Diesel Gen-sets to provide for a power backup. In the as - is scenario, the Diesel generator manufacturers and owners depend heavily on manual scheduled maintenance to ensure that they do not malfunction and continue to operate optimally.  Needless to say a manual process is error prone and inefficient leading to malfunction of the Gen-sets. In the age of Industrial IOT Gen-sets qualify as critical infrastructure and a real time monitoring is necessary. 
 abc 
 Picture this: You are walking down the street and you start to get hungry. You've been trying to eat healthy late and have started a diet. However, as you walk down this street, all you see are fast food restaurants, and other places where you aren't sure if they have meals that fit your diet.Introducing YourHealthy.City ! An easy, and intuitive way to find meals that meet your specific dietary needs. 
 The inspiration for this idea came from our own experience of challenges we dealt with on an ongoing basis to manage groceries at home. Be it making a list of items to shop, predicting the consumption trend or driving down to the shop, it does take significant amount of time out of our busy lives. To back our experience, there are stats which indicate that we spend on an average about 41 minutes purchasing grocery every week. This is such a big waste of human productivity time that could be put to better use. We spend at least 30 minutes going back and forth to the market. Besides the time wasted, we are also increasing our carbon footprint. Shopkeepers need to stock items in their retail stores, which has an associated cost to get items from the manufacturer to the distributor to the retailer. If we could order directly from the manufacturers or online distributors, we would get products at reduced price and reduce the carbon footprint. There are technology enablers out there such as Amazon IoT framework and Amazon's affiliate APIs that could help automate our grocery purchase experience. 
 I have always wondered the possibility of being able to make insightful decisions that could impact productivity over time. Then it came "all I need is the face, then I can understand what the mouth can't say", meaning i could tie people feelings to productivity by interpreting expressions. This spurned up the idea, emoCam. 
 A love of math, and a gap in pedagogical tools for teaching calculus 3 material in college. 
 The inspiration behind David is to solve two major challenges in any mode of transport . David , a personal assistant measure the alertness index of a driver ( could be a personal / public vehicle ) based on a few questions that have been compiled after talking to experts and medical advisors from the field . The alertness index advises a driver whether he is alert enough to hit the road or should he find any alternative mode of transport . This is a crucial step , we believe , in reducing the number of driver induced errors in accidents . Another core feature of David is that it suggests a time at which a user has to depart to reach his preferred destination on his preferred time schedule , based on his preferred mode of transport . Thus David intends to provide 3 major qualities to it's end users - Alertness , safety and efficiency .Alertness IndexAlertness index is a simple questionnaire for a driver that calculates the alertness index of the individual thereby letting him know how alert he can be in his job of driving . It asks simple questions that includes info about the amount of time he has slept , the number of hours he has spent driving in the recent past and use of alcohol and / or other alertness depriving substances . The algorithm analyses the answers given and calculates a rating that can have a maximum of 96 . A score of above 76 indicates high alertness and that the user is fit to drive . A score between 60 and 76 indicates normal alertness and the user is advised to be extra vigilant in driving and a score below 60 is considered below par and the user is advised to use alternative modes of transport or find other drivers for the same trip . The algorithm allocates weight to each answer based on the importance of the answers compiled with the help of experts in the field . End users can use this feature to significantly reduce driving errors that can lead to accidents and mishaps . The algorithm for attention index calculation can be found hereDepartByDepartBy is another core feature of the app with which a departure time is predicted to the user after he enters the source and destination addresses , preferred time of arrival expected . Separate times are given for transport by means of a personal vehicle , a cab , a shared cab and public transport . The time predicted calculates the same based on data received from Google Maps , Weather updates , Traffic updates , accident / road work info and historical data . The algorithm allocates weight to each factor considered , consolidates the result obtained and delivers time in 24 hour format for each mode of transport . DepartBy is a feature we believe can help improve the efficiency and punctuality of users using the app .Other featuresSmartBusSmartBus feature allows easy access to bus schedules, fares, trip planner, bike rack use, Smart value pass, MyConnector for regular users of the same .ThePeopleMoverThePeopleMover feature allows easy access to Station Guide, Ride Info, passes, tickets for users of the same .M-1 RailM-1 Rail info allows easy access to  Station stops, schedule, tickets for users of the same .How I built itAlertness Index was built using an algorithm that analyses the user responses and gives weight after compiling usual and normal alertness levels of individuals based on their reaction to scenarios . Depart By feature was built using Google Maps API , open weather API and other traffic APIs . The algorithm for attention index calculation can be found hereChallenges I ran intoDeveloping the algorithm for alertness index was the biggest challenge as it involved extensive research and data from experts in the field and common accident causes analysis . DepartBy feature , thought easier , took longer time to complete because of complexities involved in getting data from various APIs used .What's next for DavidThe alertness index algorithm required rigorous testing from users and the algorithm needs to be perfected after more research , opinions and adding questions that can help us predict a better alertness Index scoreBuilt Withandroidgoogle-mapsm-1railsmartbusthepeoplemoverweatherTry it outplay.google.com      Submitted to    Go Detroit    Created by  Developed every single bug you can find in hereRoyce Raju BeenaLoves travelling , following football( mostly ARSENAL) , bike rides . Plays with android for a living and as a hobby too . 
 India is the country of villages. As India consumes largest amount of ground water in the world (230 cubic kilometres of groundwater per year), and main source of ground water in villages are 'wells'. 95% of these wells are in very bad condition and contains bad quality water. Villagers and farmers with lack of knowledge use this water in their daily life for general use like bathing, washing and also plantation which affects the health of people and also quality and quantity of the field production.It is very difficult to monitor the quality of each well on daily basis and hence IoT based systems can be very helpful for authorities to  monitor the condition of water and take remedial measures for betterment of water quality. 
  
 The inspiration came from the government of India and Twitter, Recently the people of India started posting on twitter about the conditions of trains, surprisingly the government has been responsive and fixing the issues. I hope the same for Mexico 
 The idea comes from one of the team members, when one day he discovered that his electric bill was too high. This led him to research to find some way to measure the electrical consumption of his house.Found the Open Energy Monitor website. It is a system that allows to measure the electrical consumption using Arduino. This changed everything because he did not depend on third parties to do an analysis of his appliances.Suddenly he looked at the refrigerator, what was happening? This appliance was the most consuming per day in the whole house by far.Investigating more in depth he discovered several interesting matters about refrigerators. But perhaps, the most important was that due to the heat that concentrates behind these devices, their electricity consumption increases between 15% and 25%.This was the seed of this project.How a refrigerator worksThe operation of a refrigerator consists of transferring the heat from the interior to the exterior. This allows the temperature inside the fridge to be much lower than the ambient temperature of the room.If there is not enough place to be exhausted, the hot air that expels the appliance itself condenses in the back, affecting compressor efficiency. This causes a longer time needed to cool and as a consequence, an increase in the electric consumption. 
 We want software engineering and product development teams to run at algorithm speed.We want to be efficient. We want to free our creative minds from updating, checking and correcting data so that we can get on with solving interesting problems.We want to be able to trust the status of our reports without having to waste time tediously sifting through data. We want information when we need it.We want to be able to do this with ease, without changing our processes.This is the inspiration behind stratejos. 
 Mexico City is in the top 10 largest cities in the world, there is many ways to move in the city, METRO with 12 lines and 192 stations is one the most important and covers most of the city, METROBUS with 6 lines (and planing new one) and 208 stops, BUS (which includes all their variants, RTP, BUS,etc),  TAXI, ECOBICI, and many more.But what if you are new in the city? Or even people who lives in the city just have one or two well-know areas. There is no webpage or app which connects all options to move in the city. CITYSCOPE wants to help people who lives or visit the city to find the best option to move in it. The  
 Passionate for challenges and development, our team was inspired in getting together all the member’s skills (back-end, front-end developers, devops, design and UI/UX expertise) and creating an innovative product to simplify the modern communication: a multi platform social media chat app. Everyone has access to different social medias, however many people are spread. Hootchat can integrate different social medias in one place, simplifying the communication of the every day’s life. 
 Couples of years ago we tried to develop a project which helps a farmer to choose appropriate crop to improve the crop production as well as the income. But due to the scarcity of data we could not able to develop that app. During that time we survey and talked with some our relatives who are directly and closely related to the farming. We observed that farmers choose a crop to harvest based on the previous couple of years crop production, harvesting cost and price. They choose a crop usually based on information available from the agriculture officer, the memorized data or information collects from their neighborhood peoples. Agriculture officer usually advice farmers based on some text based data. But retrieve useful information from the memorized data or a text based data cannot help a farmer to visualize meaningful information. Also these data set has limited data which is unable to effectively help any decision making process.USDA has several data set which has a lot of agriculture related data. By leveraging these data we can help farmers in choosing and comparing several corps. In PowAgri we leverage the USDA National Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS) to help the farmers to choose the most productive and valuable crops by visualizing data in the most intuitive way. The main target user of PowAgri are the farmers, so they want to use any tools which  can help farmers in the easiest way. We can visualize information by choosing many attributes, but this is not a practical way for a farmers. Keeping this issues in minds we design our app PowAgri which is an easy to use tools to help farmers in their decision making process. Just a single tap farmers can visualize the information and can make appropriate decision using these data.App IntroFarming is the greenest business. Like any other business, in agriculture farm, farmer keep a log of their crops or products productivity like how much they produce, price or harvested area. Keeping this farm logs or data will be worthy, if they can get meaningful information to improve their farm production. USDA also maintains several dataset to keep the agriculture related data. Except the researcher or a text based data is not very meaningful to farmer, because retrieving meaningful information or analysis is very troublesome for a farmer from these dataset. To resolve these issues, we develop a very easy to use app “PowAgri” to provide a meaningful insight to both the farmer and the researcher so that they can visualize all the data in a meaningful way.Key Features:  PowAgri is very easy to use tools for every farmers and researcher to select best crops or compare crops in several attributes. Just a single tap PowAgri visualize data to farmers for helping the decision making process.  PowAgri helps farmers to choose appropriate crops for a particular state based on some farming characteristic like yield, price received, area harvested or area planted.  Farmers can get insight about which crops is the most productive in their surrounding areas.  Compare crop tools helps farmers and researchers  to know which crops harvest better than the other crops in terms of yield, production, price, expense and other several attributes.  Price analysis tools helps farmers to know the market price of a particular crop in a particular state  PowAgri provide the expense information to the farmers for a particular states.Overall PowAgri leverage the USDA NASS data set to help farmers in their decision making process.How It WorksChallenges I ran intoThree years ago we tried to develop an app like PowAgri. But in that time we did not have enough information, as a result we could not complete our project. On the other hand, after seeing a lot of data in USDA datasets we faced a sweet problem: how to visualize the data to farmers for helping in their decision making process. There are several ways we can visualize data by choosing desired options. But it is not very easy way for a farmer. As our main target user are farmers, we spend a many many hours to design the UX of the apps. We studied a lot of survey, reports and agriculture guidelines to design our app. We also spend a lot of times to determine which information is very important to the farmers so that they can use this information to improve their farming. But at the end we successfully mange and visualize these to the user in the easiest way.Accomplishments that I'm proud ofAt the very beginning of the PowAgri development process, we were afraid that how to manage these huge dataset and how we can visualize these data to the farmers so that they can use this tool without any headache. We spend hours and hours to simplify the data visualization process. We spend countless hour and design a lot of wireframe to develop an user friendly UX and data visualization. After several mockups wireframe design we are happy that we conclude to a most intuitive and easy to use tools “PowAgri” for every farmers.We developed the app in such modular way that any one can easily add a new analysis module in the project. We opensource the project in the Github.We already published our PowAgri app in the Google play store for the public users.Future of PowAgriWe successfully integrate almost all the planned and necessary features in the PowAgri. Despites these features, we have a plan to add an offline caching feature into PopwAgri. This caching feature will help the farmers to cache regularly used analysis in offline mode so that they can use this analysis without internet.Built Withandroidandroid-studiousda-datasetTry it outplay.google.comgithub.comwww.facebook.com      Submitted to    USDA Innovation Challenge    Created by  I am the team leader of PowAgri. I designed the UX of this app and developed the full Android app.MD. MOFIJUL(Akash) ISLAMLecturer, Dept of CSE, University of DhakaTamanna Islam JuthiTohidul IslamSwapnil Saha 
 To provide a better and improved learning and customer experience. To be able to map any proposed project (houses, parks etc) in 3D and use it to provide a virtual reality experience of the scene so that contractors will deliver the exact project of their clients specification.  
 We believe big change can be brought with effort of all. So we thought to create DKB which incentivize people via gamification and unite the all together to streamline city traffic  
  
  
 Developers sometimes spend a significant amount of time searching StackOverflow to find a fix for a code error that turned out to be a relatively simple (and solvable) problem. Why not automate that search process to find the optimal solution, and have it implemented within the code without any human intervention? 
 When driving to a location, wouldn't be magical if your favorite navigation app could not only show you parking lot locations, but even individual parking lot spaces available? What if you could be reminded by text that your time was up and add time to that reservation by text as well? We wanted to make a computer-vision powered web-app/REST API parking lot owners could set up easily to attract more costumers and make finding parking in our city  breeze.  
 Shortly after I left my previous startup, which I cofounded in 2013, I started pondering on some of my good and bad experiences. And, one thing I realized is that their is a recurring pattern in the way I communicate , collaborate and lead others. I found many patterns are conducive to my teams growth and where I struggled to provide better results. These patterns have lot to do with, how I feel and think and therefore I engage with my teams. Many of it was subjective, therefore I felt it will be good to objectify the emotions, and how they are pursued by others in my team. This quest had lead me to a very interesting journey in human pschyology and organization behavior. Thus born my new startup idea, Emotional Analytics to manage people and projects, DeepAffects. I am applying the artificial intelligence to traditional project management, and extract the emotional insights to predict at-risk tasks, team dynamics, productivity, conflicts, trust and happiness.  
 I observed that lot of QA, Dev, and teams were struggling while testing rest API calls. They make rest api call from one tool and document on another tool. How cool it would be if we make rest call, test rest call and document those request/response payloads from single tool.   
 Our inspiration to create Updated Issues Basket  was all the complaints we got from people that get spammed by JIRA notifications and yet they have hard time tracking what is new in the JIRA issues. With such plugin, it is now easy to stay on top of the updates on JIRA issues that you are interested in and react on time. Never miss an important issue update again! 
 We are 3 founders with more than 7 decades of experience across Technologies, Industries & Geographies. With our variety, we analyzed certain basic aspects (below) which led to the inspiration.Deluge of mails & managing is an herculean taskDisparate tools used to manage your team, activities, tasks etc. & they work in silosEmail is main media of communication & is not effectively used in projects Tools like MS project etc. are expensive, steep learning curve & does not trickle to the last team memberWork transition is a fixed handicap which normally consumes lot of resources## What it doesU@Work is envisaged to be a simple and light weight project management solution on top of Office 365 Outlook platform. So, from the email window, with intuitive user interface and menu options, Users for example can define project work elements, meetings, tasks, allocate resources and also track progress from a rich visual Dashboard.U@Work Creates a folder structure (as that of a Project WBS structure) across the team & any correspondence with respect to a specific project/activity/ will be routed to the recipient project/activity in the same order. Tasks can be associated to projects & activities, people can be assigned to activities and tasks, meeting action items can be tracked and health of projects monitored with data & metrics providing insightful infographics auto-rolled up to the Dashboard. This automatically adheres to ISO & COBIT.Task & Meeting lifecycle Management.Real time dashboard on various status of Tasks / Action items.Works on Office 365 & Outlook.com.A Patent Pending product, presently, U@Work is being realised as a product add-in, integrated to work with Microsoft Outlook Office 365 and Outlook.com email platform.Some of the project management features realised so far are; Manage Work: Users can create, manage by directly defining project, activities, sub-activities etc. and assign people to a project, activities from within the context of an email in Outlook. Allows multiple project creation and can be managed from user interface and monitored from Dashboard.Dashboard: U@Work add in provides a dashboard view where the users can view metrics of project summary, task status, meeting metrics and Gantt chart.Team on Same Page: Manager shares project details to team members with a single click. The sharing happens via email being sent to people whom activities, sub-activities etc. have been assigned.Auto-Organise folders: On receipt of first project email, similar project (folder) structure as configured by Manager will be created in every team member’s mail box automatically, thus bringing uniformity in structuring project & communication across team, ground up.Auto-Organise project emails: From UI, when any team member sends email with context set by selecting Project, Activity, Sub-activity etc., emails get automatically routed to respective folders in the recipient’s mailbox. Communication is organised ground up and saves effort and time.Manage Tasks: From UI, create tasks against project, activity, sub-activity etc., and assign to any team member. Team members can update task status and the data is rolled to Manager and dashboard.Manage Meetings: Covers elements such as invite, calendar, meeting minutes, track outcome, mainly decisions and action items. Meeting metrics are rolled up to dashboard.Resources: From UI, Team members can notify their non-availability, example leave, vacation etc. This detail is rolled to the Manager and also routed to the respective project folder and metrics updated in the dashboard.Note: For installing U@Work add-in on Outlook 365, side load the Manifest from the URL which is given in "Try it out" section below. Refer below URL for installation procedure:http://www.nascorgroup.com/help/uatwork/V2/index.html How we built itC#, EWS, Angular JS, SQLServer. Azure, Microsoft Graph, Office 365 REST APIChallenges we ran intoAs U@Work rides on existing email platforms, the biggest challenge lies in bringing feature parity and same user experience, by hiding from users, technology & implementation complexity, barriers and limitations. The APIs and plug-in integration approach is not the same and varies from provider to provider. This can be analogous to developing an application with same features and user interface to run on different operating systems.Getting to depth, The APIs and plug-in development and integration approach between Microsoft Outlook desk top version and Microsoft Outlook Office 365 is totally different. For instance, MAPI is used for Microsoft Office desk top version, which is different from using the latest & evolving Microsoft Graph technology for Exchange & Office 365, which is again different from using web hooks provided by Outlook APIs to directly interact with Outlook as part of Office 365.Plug-in technology is also evolving and not exercised by many so far. Initially, while examining feasibility options, lot of time and effort went in, even to make samples work. Also, lack of documentation aggravated the problem and debugged to figure out missing pieces and discover remedies. For example, first instance to make U@Work visible in the email window was a significant effort. Next steps to process user actions, when clicked, were no different.U@Work requires to interact with user mail box and email exchange server. As Microsoft Graph is also evolving, very few APIs are exposed limiting functionality that can be realised. Also, had to experiment a lot, due to insufficient technical documentation and usage examples. Another uncertainty is to battle possible changes to APIs, as they are still in beta and not released to production. Already faced a situation once, where change in API syntax broke U@Work. Presently, we use a combination of both Microsoft Graph and web hooks for Outlook APIs.Emails can arrive to any mail box at any point in time. U@Work to have to talk to Outlook and Exchange server and get notifications,  to be in sync with mail arrivals and user actions. Plug-in request to exchange are treated asynchronously and honoured on low priority. So, to synchronise and process in real time, (even when users have not logged into the mail box and U@Work) a separate service was built to run 24*7 to run in the background.With Microsoft Outlook Office 365, mail box can be accessed from popular browsers such as Internet Explorer, Edge, Chrome and Microsoft Outlook desk top versions (2013 & 2016). When it comes to user interface, size and form factor of the dedicated pane exposed for plug-ins to render varies between browser and desktop email clients. Also, there is no feature parity yet between browser and desktop version. For example, in case of Outlook desktop version plug-in can appear in the main menu bar. This feature is yet to be released by Microsoft for browsers. Ended up adding extra plumbing program code to address this.Accomplishments that we're proud ofWon the Best Startup Award in CeBitCIO Review named us as a company to look out for.Appreciation from the PMI India Chapter.What we learnedBeing an entrepreneur is very challenging & satisfying.What's next for U@WorkMake email window with U@Work as a HUB for all Office365 apps (U@Work as an interface to MS Project online, TFS, Sharepoint, Planner, SFB, Teams, Groups etc) & also other Monolithic tools like SAP, Oracle etc in a very innovative way & automatically caters customer’s requirement.More productivity featuresSpecific data analytics with machine learning.All conversations (text, AV) to be tagged to a project/activity & the files generated stored in One Drive / AzureCurrently project dashboard being generated, going forward program management dashboard for an accountU@Work has been realized on O365 & Outlook.com. Going forward it should cater to all email users irrespective of domain or service providerDevelop a mobile email client.Note: For installing U@Work add-in on Outlook 365, side load the Manifest from the URL which is given in "Try it out" section below. Refer below URL for installation procedure:http://www.nascorgroup.com/help/uatwork/V2/index.html Built Withangular.jsazurec#ewsews-&-outlook-apisjquerymicrosoft-graphoffice-365-rest-apiowarest-apisqlserver.-azuretfsTry it outwww.nascorgroup.com      Submitted to    Hack Productivity    Created by  Conceptualization of the concept and business operations Sudheendra GururajI have tested all the features of U@Work and given enhancements on the productDarshan Jiber I have worked on the testing and the development of Minutes of meeting module of this software.Nuthan KI've architect-ed the solutionVinay TCRight from conceptualization, picking up team & getting finance.Lakshminarasimha BharadwajVinay BharadwajNarasimhan Iyengar 
  
 Carpooling applications has been successful in industrialized countries, because of the high security. But in other countries, has not been very popular due to the insecurity prevailing.  My Ride is designed to share your route only with people your trust and is focused on short trips for workers and students. 
 One of the team Member's grandparent had recently undergone a bypass surgery. Post surgery he had to be placed under constant monitoring because of the delicate situation. Since it was close to impossible to have any individual under a constant monitor and not everyone can afford a nurse or a doctor we realised that there was no mobile solution in the market that was effective enough to monitor the health situation of an individual. That's when we came up with the idea. 
 The team wanted to build a partly physical and partly emulated implementation of a water conservation ecosystem concept. The resources available on the ARTIK10 (cores, memory, speed, networking interfaces) make it capable of doing more than just physical device monitoring and control.The concept of Ripples is that it can, of course, control a physical system, but also host a server that is highly performant when written in Go. 
 Living in Montreal, it is easy to notice that tourism is a booming business for the city. We wanted to facilitate tourists in discovering Montreal, and help them navigate the roads smoothly from one attraction to another. 
  
 Every year on average 38 infants die from being left in the car. I can’t even imagine what goes through the family after an incident like this happens. In an age of AI and smart connected devices these type of deaths need to be prevented. Having an edge device run the CV modules is cost effective because device is not sending images for processing to the cloud and also addresses any privacy concerns.As a parent of a 2 year old I feel devastated when I see news like this and I wanted to propose a solution that prevents this. 
 Our team has been an Office 365 / SharePoint consulting service for the last four years. We began to notice that small and medium-sized businesses were continually asking us for the same features: an Intranet platform that is simple to manage, able to quickly create content, and easy to use by people of all skill sets. Considering the short adoption rates of platforms such as SharePoint, we decided to provide a different experience that helps SMBs better adopt O365 and leverage all of its feature.What It DoesUPTEAMIST allows teams to quickly create and share announcements, pages, links, documents, and events. Additionally, users can manage permissions and tags so that content is always readily available to those who need it. The UPTEAMIST platform integrates directly with Office 365 so that team members can use their enterprise email addresses to access the system and start sharing instantly.How We Built ItUPTEAMIST is built on Azure and integrates with Microsoft Graph API, SharePoint REST API, and StripeJS. A Node.js application manages the subscription platform, while the user-facing portal is built on .NET with AngularJS. We have been working on the project since March 2017.Challenges We EncounteredAs UPTEAMIST integrates directly with SharePoint, most of the challenges emerged as we worked with the SharePoint REST API. For example, in the case of a document upload, UPTEAMIST needs to contend with not only its own built-in permission system, but also SharePoint's permission system. To effectively handle this, we needed to ensure that the permissions set on UPTEAMIST were mirrored in SharePoint.We had many internal discussions concerned with how to best simplify the interface and the actions provided to end users. If we made it too simple, the platform might not have enough features to make the service useful. If we made it too complicated, we figured we might as well just continue recommending SharePoint. With the issue of balance in mind, the design team went to work - and continues to adjust and update - to ensure that we are providing the right amount and type of features to our users.AccomplishmentsOverall, we are very proud of the work our team has done to get the platform up and running. The connection to Azure AD is working great, as is the connection to Stripe to manage subscriptions and payments. As of this application's date of submission, already two dozen alpha users are on the platform and providing us with insightful feedback.What We LearnedAs an agency that provides consulting services, we had to re-learn processes and procedures from the product development perspective. Although the design, development, and quality control methods were roughly the same, much more thought needed to be dedicated towards marketing, customer feedback, and support. We want to ensure that our product answers a community need, and that new feature requests are realized and implemented quickly. Our goal is to improve the tool so that it perfectly fits the needs of modern, small to medium-sized organizations.What's Next for UPTEAMISTFor the remainder of 2017, our plan is to continue to work with our alpha - and eventually beta - users to refine our product features. Our product road map for 2018 is arranged into quarters. In the first quarter, we want to move UPTEAMIST out of beta and into V1. The second quarter will be dictated by the feedback we receive from our initial users, and it will include the implementation / integration of Project Online and Dynamics CRM Online. The third quarter will include rolling-out an iOS / Android application developed using Xamarin. In the fourth quarter, we plan to work with the Cognitive Services API to integrate speech recognition so that users can interact directly with the Intranet via voice command.A quick introductionhttps://www.youtube.com/embed/EL4uo8tZ6LUBuilt With.netangular.jsc#graph-apinode.jssharepoint-rest-apisignalrTry it outsubscription.upteamist.comwww.upteamist.com      Submitted to    Hack Productivity 3    Created by  I contributed as the product manager and ensure of the progression of our first feature set and respect of the timelineKhoa Quach 
 Create a fun and engaging skill with the user which helps them stay safe and also cater to a better driving habit among users. With more and more cars having Alexa support (e.g Ford Sync) this will be a very good skill to have. Creating a smarter and safer driver on the road. 
 We love trash talking. Don't get me wrong, we don't condone gossip in our house. But did you hear about that guy the other week who threw trash in the recycling bin? I know! Crazy right? Some people... 
 At OK GROW! most apps we build need to integrate with a legacy REST API of some sort. Meteor of course provides simple functions for making raw HTTP calls but once you've been working with DDP for a while you don't want to go back.We picture a world where developers demand a DDP API (remember when developers overthrew their SOAP overlords in the Great RESTful API Revolution of 2006?) and we want to make it easier for legacy apps to produce a live updating DDP API. 
 Our inspiration first comes from a female member in our team where she shared with us a story about her experience in a case regarding gender inequality. To sum it up, our current society tends to view woman as incapable of solving problems regarding technology and take it as a joke when their opinion is raised. Like the metaphor “Rome wasn’t build in a day”, cases regarding gender inequality can’t be solve in a day but takes the hearts of everyone to overcome it. At this age and time, our inspiration also comes from how gaming apps make their user enjoy using it while also becoming loyal customers of the app. From that, our team decided to make our app to be sort of a game where user can enjoy using it without the fear of being restricted. As for the concept of the game, our inspiration comes from how Dating Websites work. With stereotype being the biggest issue in fields related to technology, this inspiration strikes us on how people use dating website to find their soulmates regardless of who they are on the other side of the “screen”.         With all the inspirations combine, we finally sort it all out and created an application call TheFriendZone where user of any gender and age can join and have fun. 
 Have you never tried to plug your computer charger to the power strip but you didn't find any vacant space? Of course you have, because you don't have a ModSense power strip.Do you at least know how much power you are wasting with your electronics when you are not using them? Well... we can also help you with that. 
  
 We got motivated to do this project as it lets us be innovative and provide a solution to a large scale problem. 
 As students of a research oriented high school, we often found it difficult to find time to pursuing research projects while keeping up with school work. To solve this dilemma, we decided to build a web application that would focus on mitigating the time-consuming factors of the research process.  
 "Fake news" are becoming increasingly rampant among news outlets and media in general. People are overwhelmed with information from all sources and fact-checking an article is too time-consuming. 
  
 Today's newspapers are filled with stories of violence and abuse. What if we could help prevent that? What if we could make every person feel safe. What if every person knew that there is someone who is watching over them and concerned about their safety? What if we could prevent rape, abuse, harassment? What if every person knew what happens in a particular area before even stepping there? What if every person was armed with knowledge? That's what we wanted to do. We wanted to make a better safer world for every person out there. A better world.  
 The gameplay of Min-Mins was inspired by the classic board game, Battleship 
 According to a study done by Jefferson School of Population Health, 23% of hospitals in the U.S. report that blood shortage was a significant problem in their institution. Blood transfusions are need for patients all over the US. Without proper blood supplies, many patients’ lives could be endangered. 
 I had worked a bit with blockchain related projects. I wanted to create something unique.There were talks before about creating a cryptocurrency for Montreal. But no one got around to doing it, so I did.  
 Marketing, sales and support teams share a lot of information on a daily basis. Even with a lot of great CRM tools on the market, the integration of these teams is not seamless. When the marketing team uses a solution outside JIRA, it is hard to share information and keep track of deals and sales if the support team is all using JIRA Service Desk.Kanoah CRM fills the gap bringing all team together into the same environment. Marketing and sales can create CRM projects to manage their leads and link them to support or even development tickets. These teams will love to use Kanoah CRM since it provides valuable information very fast, with great usability. 
 This project introduces an innovative IoT system aimed at reducing the amount of resources used by waste collection agencies in the U.S. The correct partitioning of trash into bins at the earliest stages of the garbage disposal lifecycle can minimize man hours allocated to the separation of recyclables from non-recyclables (and organics from non-organics) at such facilities, eradicate the traditional garbage collection process and therefore optimize budgets used by relevant agencies on this matter. Recycling is an important topic given that improperly discarded waste may have a negative impact on the natural environment. Alternatively, recycling reduces the need for producing raw materials, therefore preserving the rainforest.Our goal was to solve part of this global problem, by helping waste collection agencies function in a more efficient manner. 
 ThriftFly is a network to connect frequent fliers connect and share incredible airfare deals. Save money on your next vacation or dream adventure to your bucket list destinations by finding deals shared by users on the appAdd, tip and report expired flight dealsUsers sign up with 25 Kin added to their account as sign up bonus. User can then add a flight deal from the add deal page. User inputs the source location, destination location, date of onward and return journeys, airline code and arrival and departure time and dates. On addition 15 Kin is awarded to the user for sharing the deal. Thriftfly then verifies the deal online checking the average prices on the same route and make the deal live so that it becomes available to other users on the platform. Other users on the platform can then favorite the deal if they like it, report the deal as expired if the fare is no longer available. Every tip transfers 1 Kin to the user who posted the deal. Reporting expired deals on verification also fetches the user 1 KinThus ThrifyFly is a user controlled network where users share data verified by the admin and checked for errors by fellow users.LeaderboardLeaderboard enables users to see top contributors in terms of points earned(Kin), deals added and deals expired reported. This adds a unique gamification feature to the app giving more encouragement and reasons for users to stay more active and post more incredible deals flying around.How I built itI used Firebase to save user info, flights info and Kin Android Client SDK for the android app and Django app powered by Kin Python SDK to verify account create and send Kin transactions from the backend.Challenges I ran intoSetting up Kin backend sdk on my server was a challenge as I took some time to making it work fine without any glitchesAccomplishments that I'm proud ofIntegrating Kin SDK into the app and publishing a fully fledged server to facilitate creating accounts and send KinWhat I learnedIt's my first Blockchain app and it was a brilliant experience learning a completely new field that I've never touched on beforeWhat's next for ThriftFlyI wish to make the social network more rewarding with more functionalities and more social and sharing mechanisms. Implement email alerts for new deals and add follow locations feature to users to track their bucket list destinations. Automated deals verification and deals expiry checks are also on the way to eliminate turn around time between deals addition and the same becoming liveBuilt WithandroidfirebasekinTry it outplay.google.com      Submitted to    Kin Crypto ChallengeWinner                Early Submission                  Created by  0 to 1Royce Raju BeenaLoves travelling , following football( mostly ARSENAL) , bike rides . Plays with android for a living and as a hobby too . 
  
 Congestion in the cities are making people crazy. One day I had to move from one place to another in my city, normally I took me about 15 minutes but that day, the traffic was crazy and took around 55 minutes. That day I realized that the congestion was mainly caused by the people in their cars, because around a 90% of these were occupied by only one person. As soon as I realized that, I started to work next to a group of friends in these project so that we could promote a more sustainable mobility. 
 Self Satisfactions on working with Uipath tool. 
  Despite growing online markets for discounted books, the average cost of textbooks and novels has risen four times faster than the rate of inflation over the past 10 years. That has caused 65 percent of people to skip buying required texts or novels of their interest at some point in their life because of a lack of affordability. This app allows a person to lend and borrow books. 
  
  
 A year Ago in August 2014 I decided to join Mexico city and its entrepreneurial environment. Working in an innovation technology center (CTIN) and spending the rest of my day in communities for programmers and hackers (as DEV.F). trying to figure out a pain that most of people suffer and it’s funny because being in this city for 6 months is easy to think as normal spending 2 to 3 hours in transportation for join the office if you use a car, near to 1.5 to 2 hours in public transportation that is not comfortable, secure or even safe. That’s when I realize the pain I was looking for was there “A lack of quality in public transportation service over Latin America (not just Mexico)”. Transportation should be easy, affordable, comfortable, trustworthy, safe and customer first. That’s how the whole idea of combining on demand routes with Van sharing comes up.  
 For many Yilan residents, the easiest and the quickest way to travel to Taipei and other parts of Taiwan is via Freeway No.5 and through Hsuehshan Tunnel. But the huge demand for the four-lane highway has resulted in heavy congestion, especially on the weekends. For a quicker, safer way home for all Yilan people, we propose a different toll collection system based on the current traveling speeds on different segments of the highway, the slower the speed, the higher the toll rates, thus encouraging drivers to travel through alternative routes when the highway gets too crowded. When the speed on the highway falls below 30km/hr, we set up the toll rate to be as high as 12 times of the original! We believe this system can effectively reduce the amount of vehicles entering the highway whenever a congestion occurs, thus raising the overall travel speed on the highway. 
 One of our very close friends is extremely allergic to sesame seeds and unfortunately she spends a lot of her time reading the ingredient lists on packages before she can allow herself to eat it. We wanted to make an application which would allow people with these type of allergies or dietary restrictions to not have to worry about wasting their time doing so and not have to worry about reading the packages inaccurately. Some packaging has small writing, is hard to read, or isn't on a barcode-based database. We decided to attract a broader audience by not only including allergies, but also including people that have particular dietary restrictions. This way everyone can enjoy the food they want to eat without all that time reading the ingredient list. 
 Taxi rides are much more comfortable than bus rides.   Nevertheless, taxi rides are not always affordable. We want to give access to affordable taxi rides anywhere, at anytime, to anyone. 
 Tech Tammina's Intelligent Recruitment Process (IRP) is the process of augmenting and enhancing recruiters’ abilities through the use of smart tools designed to expedite and improve the hiring process. IRP helps take some of the more mundane tasks out of your hands so that you can focus on what really matters. This app will be used by the companies looking to increase their competitive advantage in hiring. 
 The need to connect with a person on each and every social and professional platforms in just a few clicks without  a need to carry a physical business card drove us into building this project. 
 Currently, we are struggling our way through interview process. We can understand the pain, recruiters go through in order to select perfect candidates for the specified role. We don't think that the current process is wrong, but we think it is flawed.  
 Visibility in to the operations in plant floor has historically been a major challenge in most manufacturing firms.  Manufacturers lose millions of dollars every year due to lack of visibility which can be brought in through the latest development in technology.  
  
 Based on a survey of 14,000 households, the American Society of Travel Agents reports that it is currently seeing the highest numbers of consumers booking through travel agents in three years. The most common reason provided for doing so? Travelers said it saved them time.Though, travel agencies’ business isn’t expected to return to pre-internet levels, online booking has shown travelers the frustrations that can come with booking travel themselves—and that outsourcing the stress of arranging travel can be worthwhile [1]. You can also find more statistics that paint a bright future for travel agents here [2] . But the current process of interacting with multiple travel agents and choosing between them is not streamlined, and usually involves filling of clunky forms multiple times. This bot is a concept to show how to get around this problem, by interactively collecting travel preferences over chat and sending them to nearby travel agents for them to respond with customized, creative travel plans. Also, there is no need for the travelers to download any new app or navigate a complex website in a mobile screen. All that they need to do is start chatting with the Travel Agent Connector bot from FB Messenger.[1] https://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2016/06/travel-agent/488282/[2]  http://www.dcsplus.net/blog/5-stats-that-paint-a-bright-future-for-travel-agents 
  
  
 Amazon has a policy stating that if a product you buy from them has a lower price within a week of your purchase, you are entitled to a refund of the difference. Unfortunately, many aren't aware of this policy, and even if they are, it goes unused as it's a real hassle to do all the required legwork.Kickback is something that people could and should actually use.  A few days before LA Hacks, I bought a scooter. Just yesterday, the price dropped $10. Because the application hadn't yet been built, I had to go through the "traditional" process of verifying what I'd paid, checking the new price, finding the dates to see if I was eligible, and finally the tedious task of contacting Amazon. This experience made me realize how needed this product was.Kickback has literally no downsides to the consumer, and offers huge potential upsides.How it WorksUsers log in through Google in our mobile application (or soon via a webapp), which also serves as a beautiful list of pending and successful refunds. We check your Gmail Inbox for new Amazon orders, and watch for fluctuations in price. If something drops (monitored via Amazon's Product Advertising API), not only do we recognize that you're owed a refund, but we also send an email on your behalf (from your account using the Gmail REST API) to Amazon, requesting that the difference be refunded to you.Your only interaction with Kickback will be to sign up once, and then receive push notifications whenever we've saved you money.AccomplishmentsWe're pretty happy to have made a simple way to passively take advantage of a great policy that you may not have known existed. In terms of technical achievements, we were able to build a relatively scalable MVP in a short amount of time; we organized worker execution with simple in-memory schedulers that could probably handle hundreds or thousands of users as is.We also made a really pretty app.What's next for KickbackThis service could be very easily scaled; as more and more people automatically monitor products and get refunds, request overhead goes down due to overlap. The service could stay operational by charging a small percentage of each refund amount, or through donations. We built this on Azure, so it'd be dead simple to scale by switching to an actual Mongo cluster and a standard microservice architecture. In the future, we'd also want to use some of Azure's built in caching/queueing features to make this a bit more asynchronous; requests are currently done inline because of time constraints. The fact that Azure did basic DNS for us was amazing, huge props for that feature.Built Withamazonazuregmailgoogleiosmongodboauthpythonxcode      Submitted to    LA Hacks 2015Winner                Second Place                  Created by  UI/UX, Concept + Design Implementation Benjamin Zweigwhat upI built the backend systems that monitor your gmail inbox and Amazon orders.Matt CondonI built the iOS client, and set up login through the Gmail and Parse APIs.Bryce Dougherty 
 There are multiple social media pages that post food recipes; I would spend hours watching these videos. I wanted a standardized place where people can easily reach out to their fanbase and make their personal recipes famous. 
 At the very beginning of my job hunting years, I approached the question, “So, can you tell us a little about yourself” as if I were helping the interviewer know ALL about Halé past, present, and future. After not getting a series of jobs, I couldn't help but think, "What is going wrong?" Then I took a class called, "Presenting a Brand Called Me" at Skidmore College which opened my eyes to see my common interview misconceptions. Mainly, the organizations want to know a how I would add value them through my skill set and accomplishments. After learning how to respond to common interview questions, I felt a greater sense of confidence. I want the same for others, especially people who do not have traditional career preparation services. Access Granted has been my first attempt at building a functional app. I am glad that I can share advice, add value to other people, and potentially contribute to their future successes. I had a fantastic time learning to program and code Access Granted and cannot wait to grow the idea in the near future. 
 When we first joined the hackathon, we began by researching the various large-scale changes that happen during a drought crisis and how they affect the humans and ecosystems that are susceptible to changes in water abundance. We began with California but wanted to keep an open mind about how this may apply to other parts of the world where drought is an issue. We quickly found that drought caused far more changes than just a simple shortage of water: it was responsible for an increased salinity in groundwater and quicker soil runoff rates, meaning the water that is applied to the soil doesn't stay put. This poses a major issue for farmers who have to resort to overwatering, which becomes increasingly expensive, and less efficient with a decreasing water supply. Additionally, farmers see a decrease in crop yield when their plants are in a saltier soil. 
  
 We often use email messages to communicate with different groups of people. We start new email threads every day and sometimes, it is difficult to remember all the recipients that we should include in the TO, CC or BCC fields. We spend a lot of time digging into our inbox and finding all the right people from certain groups and adding them to the email. We can easily miss someone if we do this process manually...Our team members experience above problem almost every day, which inspired us to create the Molecula - Office 365 Add-In for Outlook. Molecula makes it easier to interact with the people and groups most important to you! 
    According to "Impact analysis of transportation capability by speed limit in xueshan tunnel",the loading capacity in hsuehshan tunnel is 2400 car numbers per hour, but now it often over 5000 car numbers per hour. The car flow in highway greatly exceed the capacity, which cause serious traffic jam. To solve this problem, there are two aspects that we can do. First, reduce the car flow in traffic. Second, control the traffic flow in hsuehshan tunnel. The detailed information is as followed.1. Reduce car flow   In traffic transport industry, modal switching is a great way to decrease traffic flow. However, there are several disadvantages to ban users from these methods. For example, it is too inconvinient. Users have to search buses, trains and all kinds of public transport ways and they even have to find out how they move whey they are in Ilan. The result is they just give up and drive their own cars. Besides, people don't know what they get if they switch other modals, such as, how much time or money they can save. This is a huge problem because bus can afford 5 times of people compared with private cars. To sum up, we want to be a platform that resolve inconvinent problems. We will collect all kinds of information they need and provide some discounts to add incentives. These can encourage people use public transports system and alternative ways to reduce car flows.2. Control car flow in highway   According to  ”Franks Self-organized lane formation and optimized traffic flow in army ants,” if the car numbers per hour exceed 3000, the traffic jam will naturaly happen. We have to control the car flow to prevent natural traffic jam. Reservation system is a good way to control and estimate the car flow for concerned authorities to make further decisions. We can distribute the flow and warn people the expected jam. If we accumulate enough data, we can even give more information to residents. Thus, we want to distribute the flow into reserved lane and normal lane in some serious times like holidays or weekend. Buses and people who reserve on our app can drive on this lane (like high occupancy vehicle lane). Peolpe who want to save time and don't follow the rules drive on reserved lane. We will punish them with the help of eTag and License Plate Recognition System.    In conclusion, our idea is using carrot and stich approaches. On one hand, we encourage and make it easier for residents to use public transport ways. On the other hand, we strictly control flow on highway and give severe punishment who want to save time and break the rules. These income can use for subsidy of local residents. 
 Avec le drame survenu à Québec récemment, nous étions motivés à augmenter la vitesse à laquelle la population peut répondre à une telle situation.Ce que l'application faitNotre API reçoit des snapshots de flux vidéos et renvoi un niveau de menace, correspondant à la possible présence d'armes dans l'image. Si une menace est détectée, l'interface web est tout de suite notifiée, ainsi que toute personne pouvant être pertinente d'aviser via messagerie texte. (Par exemple, l'application pourrait envoyer ces informations au poste de police le plus proche de l'événement en question) Comment l'avons-nous construit?Le back-end roule sous Node.js et Express, et utilise Watson de IBM pour analyser le niveau de menace à l'aide du deep learning.Obstacles/défis rencontrésL'entrainement de Watson fut le plus gros défi de ce projet.Premièrement, nous n'avions pas beaucoup de crédits Bluemix, ce qui nous forçait à rationner les requêtes que nous faisions (y compris pour l'entraînement).Deuxièmement, il n'y a pas beaucoup de ressources graphiques impliquant un individu qui dégaine son arme en public qui sont disponibles sur le web (ce qui est une très bonne chose en soit).Ce dont nous sommes fiersNous avons un produit final à présenter. Certes, il n'est pas parfait, mais nous sommes capables d'émettre des alertes pour certains flux vidéos, qui représentent de réels cas de crise imminente. Ce que nous avons apprisQue le deep learning peut être très ardu, et qu'il faut avoir une foule de données pour définir des modèles personnalisés qui fonctionnent.Aussi, 3 hackathons de suite, c'est de la folie!Quelles sont les prochaines étapes pour SafeWatchLa prochaine étape serait de fournir un plus grand nombre de données à notre application deep learning, pour qu'elle puisse fournir de meilleures analyses.Aussi, nous aimerions connecter notre API avec des flux de caméras de surveillance en direct.EnglishGiven the recent events in Quebec city, we were inspired to change how quickly we are able to respond to threat. 
 During morning rush hour, instead of spending time opening the twitter app and checking the most recent tweets by @CCSBuses, why not use Alexa voice services to do the same ? This exactly is what this skill is capable to do. It heavily relies on the @CCSBuses tweets to let user know about the latest update about the bus. 
 I have struggled with depression and anxiety for 3.5 years, and I know the importance of mental health. I used to have 8 self-care apps on my phone, but many of them requires paying to get full access. I decided to make an app myself and make it free for all. 
 Spelling is a skill that requires practice and we wanted to make that practice funMost of the spelling apps focus only on typing  the letters. We wanted to amplify the educational benefit by making the user practice his handwriting skills as well as his spelling skills 
 Nobody likes to watch long watch videos.  Because of this, lot's of relevant content gets ignored.   
 The opportunity to increase access for millions of Americans to the National School Lunch Program and reduce errors on applications they submit to schools. 
 I have been wanting to get my feet wet with extensions for a while and this was a really fun experience. I thought it would be fun to try to build an at-a-glance twitch chat analysis tool for streamers and viewers alike to see the general mood of a chat. 
 Street food is really very tasty but unhygienic at the same time . 
  
 We have a strong passion for the strategy game Heroes of Might and Magic 3. It has one interesting game mechanic called “Fog of war”, the fog covers those parts of the map, where the player hasn’t walked with his game characters, hiding various artefacts and resources from the player. When player explores the map, the fog dispels and reveals all those hidden things. We believe that it is very similar to how people travel. Arriving at a new place, we don’t know anything about it and when we walk, we gradually discover it for ourselves, but while in the game we get resources and artefacts, in real life we get emotions and knowledge. We decided to apply this mechanics in our application. 
 Chat Translator started out as one of the many open-source Twitch-integrated projects I build live on stream with viewers at the Coding Cafe as Instafluff because I had viewers from all over the world that could speak Czech, Spanish, Dutch, German, and even Japanese but were limited to chatting in English. We created ChatTranslator the Chatbot and turned it into a global Twitch bot and it currently resides in 112 different channels and has translated more than 47 million characters since September 2018. I wanted to take the lessons learned from the chatbot and make it much more natural and integrated with less chat-spam for my community and others as well, and Twitch extensions were a perfect way for me to make it happen.DevelopmentI am a huge AWS fan and have used many of its services for almost a decade now in my own startups and in consulting for other businesses as well, but if not careful, it can get expensive. Chat Translator is a showcase to how, with the good architecture, AWS can be extremely cost-effective for even the penniest of the penny-pinchers.The Chat Translator extension was built using the Twitch ComfyKit with HTML/CSS/Javascript and its backend was built using NodeJS and ComfyTranslate running on the smallest instance of AWS Lightsail, which is a flat $3.50 / month, and one of these instances using the smart-caching system I built for the translations in combination with the $15 / million characters pricing of AWS Translate APIs should be able to currently handle hundreds of small/low-activity channels, about 20 medium-sized (~50-200 viewer) channels, or one really large channel for a total of less than $20 of overhead per month. With further development of the caching and language-detection system, this operating cost could be even lower. When done right, AWS can really make tight budgets go a long way.Technical ChallengesThere are several significant challenges that Chat Translator overcomes that might not be as obvious at first.Keeping the translation API calls budget-friendlyScaling real-time translation of active chat to multiple languages at the same timeHandling Twitch Emotes in the translation processSockets and real-time broadcasting of the translated message to viewersListening to Timeouts/Bans of users and broadcasting the deletion of corresponding messages.Designing to look like the familiar Twitch chat with status and sub badges, username colors, showing emotesAPI Limits & ScalingThe precursor to this extension, the ChatTranslator Chatbot, was already pushing the limits of a 15 million character monthly quota when I began working on the extension for this challenge. I made several improvements to the caching system because this extension may translate to 5 languages at the same time in a single channel so that I could keep the API costs low.The extension connects to the translation server via web sockets, but automatically connecting every viewer to the server will overload it quickly, so I made adjustments to also keep the connection count low and only translate languages as necessary.Twitch Chat QuirksTwitch chat messages are not normal text. It includes emotes represented as reserved keywords and replaced at render-time to images and translation APIs do not understand the emote names and often comes back broken. Chat Translator specially handles the quirks of Twitch chat messages in the translation process in order to preserve the meaning of the original text.Also, when a user is timed-out or banned from a channel, all messages from that user in the chat's history is deleted. Chat Translator is able to listen for these events and react as well.Lastly, in the native Twitch chat, users often have badges reflecting their role in the channel or a special status, such as moderator/bit-cheer/subscriber/etc. including channel-specific badges. Chat Translator's design keeps these badges and other aspects of chat intact so that they do not lose any social value or cause confusion for the user compared to the native chat.Chat Translator's FutureEven with the smart-caching and other systems put in place to help keep the API costs low, it is still a significant operational cost for one person and the bit monetization model doesn't necessarily fit well. After the challenge, I may look into a subscription model to be able to cost-scale the extension, but really the Chat Translator experience makes much more sense directly integrated into Twitch.I believe that Twitch is a truly unique platform because of its social aspect and is strengthened by the connections made on it, which becomes even clearer at events like TwitchCon where people who have only met through the platform can meet in-person for the first time and still celebrate their long-time friendships. This is one of the reasons I love Twitch and believe that Twitch and all of the streamers and users on it would greatly benefit if they could expand their audiences and their social circles beyond language barriers.If this extension were to win the challenge, among other things, I would like to spend the time with Twitch leadership to advocate for its native integration into Twitch before one of its competitors do.Built Withamazon-web-servicesaws-translatecsshtmljavascriptlightsailnode.jsTry it outchattranslator.instafluff.tv      Submitted to    Twitch AWS Extensions ChallengeWinner                Third Place                  Created by  Pizza and coffee fueled the development of this extension. Please send ice cream.Instafluff TVCreator of StreamPuppy ! Get Comfy at the Coding Cafe! Chat-Integrated Fun with the Comfiest Corner of Twitch Wed/Thu/Fri 9am PST 
 Teams share sensitive information in JIRA all the time:  passwords, customer data, SSL certs, SSH keys, PHI.  But JIRA doesn’t provide end-to-end encryption for these secrets, so they live in JIRA unprotected or end up somewhere else, disconnected from the actual work.We wanted a safer way to store and share sensitive information in JIRA so we created Team Secrets. 
  
  
  
  
 Atlassian products are the de facto standards in agile software development. We use JIRA for tracking, Confluence for collaborating, Bambo for build and deploy and Hipchat for communication.When developing software it's also important to know the health of your software team. To measure team health an additional tool is needed. A tool that helps the underlying issues to surface as quickly and as effortlessly as possible without much drama.So we created TeamFlowApp, an addition to JIRA, based on AtlasKit, the brand new UI kit from Atlassian.Working in a multi-team agile software development environment the managers wanted to get valuable information from developer team members as quickly as possible and as easily as possible. Initially, we used simple daily emails to gather individual status summaries.As a logical next step we built a prototype responsive web app. Seeing the upcoming Atlassian CodeGeist competition we prepared the web app using AtlasKit and React. 
 Sea turtles demonstrate the ultimate lesson of ecology – that everything is connected.Sea turtles are a part of two vital ecosystems: beaches and marine systems. If sea turtles become extinct, both the marine and beach ecosystems will weaken. And since humans use the ocean as an important source for food and beaches for many kinds of activities, weakness in these ecosystems would have harmful effects on humans.Though sea turtles have been living and thriving in the world’s oceans for 150 million years, they are now in danger of extinction largely because of changes brought about by humans. If we alter the oceans and beaches enough to wipe out sea turtles, will those changes make it difficult for us to survive? And if we choose to do what’s necessary to save sea turtles, might we save our own future? (credit : www.bonaireturtles.org )one of the threats for sea turtles is egg poaching, During the nesting season, hunters comb the beaches looking for nesting females at night . Often, they will wait until the female has deposited her eggs to kill her. Then, they take both the eggs and meat. unfortunately the number of egg poaching are increasing every year, in Sangalaki, a small Island in Indonesia, this case increased by 120% compared to 2013. a local intitute, Yayasan Penyu Laut Indonesia (YPLI) said that almost 1200 egg are stolen by poacher per month in Pasemut Island during a nesting season.Sea turtles have played vital roles in maintaining the health of the world’s oceans for more than 150 million years. These roles range from maintaining productive coral reef ecosystems to transporting essential nutrients from the oceans to beaches and coastal dunes.this case successfully made our heart sink, so we hope this little tool we made can help out to ensuring sustainability of sea turtle's life. It is the right time for us to protect sea turtles and rebuild their populations to healthy levels as a vital step in ensuring healthy and resilient oceans for the future.The Problem, and The Solution we offerEgg Poaching is one of the major causes of Sea turtle Extinction. Since it happened a lot in Indonesia, then it become our responsibility to stop it. as a Computer Science student, we believe that by creating a Tool  and a System that could Initialize and start a Crowd/community based movement to protect Turtle's egg from poaching can do a little help to prevent Sea Turtle from Extinction.How it worksThis Penyu Ranger (Sea Turtle Ranger) Project consist of the tool, and an android app. we called the tool as "Penyusuar" (inspired from Mercusuar, an Indonesian Language for Lighthouse) made of Raspberry pi, a proper web cam and PIR sensor. this tool was built to help Rangers (a name we gave to those who volunteered as turtle conserver) protect eggs from poacher, it can detect if there are threats around the nest of turtle's egg. we divided the threats into three conditions, condition one, if there's predator(animal) around the nest Penyusuar will play a dog-barking sound to drive away the predator. condition two, if there's human around the nest our tool will define them as a threat or non-threat, if they're considered as a non-threat our tool will only detect their faces and upload it to our dropbox. and condition three if Penyusuar define the human as a real threat, if they approaching the nest and stay there for a certain distance and amount of time our tool will upload their faces to dropbox (as suspect) and inform all rangers  via SMS so rangers can make sure if there's a real threat and take care of it. The android app made to help rangers in order to manage the Penyusuar (located in each turtle nest) it will record the data of the Penyusuar installment including coordinate of the nest and Penyusuar location(automatically added), date of installment, number of eggs on the nest and the species of the turtle. this app will also give a reminder to the rangers on the 60th day since the installment that the egg is about to hatch, so Rangers can move the eggs to the conservatory and perform a semi-natural hatching. within our app rangers can manage Penyusuar record, show it in a Map, view uploaded photos, and also give rangers a statistical information about the number of threats per day shown on a chart.Challenges we ran intohow to help Turtle Conserver against Egg Poachinghow to develop a system that can save turtle from extinction.Accomplishments that I'm proud ofWe can work in pressure, and also in teamWe can contribute to save turtle from extinctionWhat we learnedWe learned that in order to save sea ecosystem, we cant miss a single part of it. Sea turtles have played vital roles in maintaining the health of the world’s oceans for more than 150 million years, but now they are in danger of extinction. We need to help them, that's what we need to in order to ensuring a healthy and resilient oceans for another million years.What's next for Penyu RangerOur next dream is to Refine the design of the tools, collaborate with local conservatory organization and apply this solution in real-life.Built Withandroidandroid-studiojavapythonraspberry-piubidotsTry it outgithub.comwww.slideshare.net      Submitted to    Fishackathon 2015    Created by  Ghiyats Hanif Iskandarman Jadda wa JadaSatria Rahmadi 
 I am pursuing my master's in computer science and would like to innovate creating Apps / tools using technology for the farmers and nurseries to improve the irrigation or gardening process which could save some natural resources like water.Fortunately the weather insights of Bluemix helped me to create a mobile app to estimate the amount of water needed by the various crops to grow optimally. 
 We got into a discussion about YouTube videos and how it would be a good idea to have a Ctrl-F capability for audio.  
  
 We love both anime and computer science and thus we decide to combine them together 
 With increasing number of bots in the industry and the amount of data being generated, It is now the need of hour to bring Insights out of those raw data. With being part of one of the biggest RPA COE with hundreds of bots in production, I have always felt the need of a product or a solution that gives us powerful insights and forecast there by the overall efficiency of Bot, Process can be increased.When we came across the UI Path's Devpost hackathon, We were overjoyed to know that  we have got a platform to give all  our wild ideas a try and this dashboard is the result of all our thought process and hardwork over the period of time. 
 We were inspired to build this product because although there are a lot of text-to-speech assistive technologies for blind and vision impaired folks, we didn't think that it enabled a holistic web use experience.  We thought, "it's not enough to be read the text of a news article, we would want to know what was also in the images." Our project was also motivated by our interest to integrate machine learning and artificial intelligence into our work. 
 it is my daily problem, keeping my emails and my notes together, i tried many apps but the problem still exists you take a note outside your email client, and can't see it directly within your email message. so back and forth between my email and my notes made us to create something to solve the problem, and since it is useful to me i'm sure it will be useful for others 
  
  
 When you land in Fiji and are first welcomed with the greeting "Bula!" (pronounced boo-lah!), you will certainly feel you have arrived somewhere special. The literal meaning of this word is Life, and Boolah aims to do exactly that, "Say Hello to the Life of Travel" encompassing your interests and empowered by local language support. 
  
 Suppose we go out for a run early in the morning without our wallet and cellphone, our service enables banking systems to use facial recognition as a means of payment enabling us to go cashless and cardless. 
  
 Our inspiration was to solve people problems on their condominium community. We do understand there are a lot of problems going on like lack of social relationship and maintenance issue. 
  
 Concrete, potholes, and traffic jams. We've created a way to find the diamonds in the rough amongst an evergrowing, urban metropolis. 
  
  
 The idea is to use the design of a birdhouse, that inside, install the Arduino 101 & SeeedStudio Grove Shield  
 The success of the Port depends on ensuring the safe passage of vessels in the waters and efficient port operations to minimize time at berth for loading and discharging  supplies of provisions and spares, while maintaining a focus on sustainability. Ship chandlers, lighter terminals and lighter operators play important roles in the provision of supplies to carriers at sea. A mother vessel will often request for various supplies from a range of different suppliers, either directly or through the services of ship chandlers. In response, these ship suppliers will truck the cargo to pre-arranged lighter boats for final delivery to the mother vessel.Currently, the arrival times of lighter boats and supply trucks are not coordinated, resulting in lengthy wait time for both landside and seaside. This “rush to wait, wait to rush” problem is limiting the terminal’s operational productivity.So we decided to take this as a challenge and create a solution for Ship chandlers, lighter terminals, boat operators and truck operators to effectively communicate and coordinate to improve the efficiency 
  
 After getting on the first page of the Top Rated Atlassian Marketplace Add-Ons (https://marketplace.atlassian.com/plugins/agile.estimation.3.0_private/cloud/overview), I decided to discover absolutely new space — not yet existing Trello Power-Ups Marketplace :) 
  
 Forms aren't traditionally known for being friendly and approachable. Many forms are often steeped in legal jargon and halting cautionary statements. The advantage of a digital form is the opportunity to break information into manageable, bite-size chunks that can be more friendly. And more human. 
 We like Pong. Pong is life. Pong is love.We like Leap. Leap is cool. Leap is awesome. 
 It only takes 90 seconds for a recruiter to decide whether or not they will hire someone. Despite being the most popular interview question of all time, "Tell me about yourself" is considered one of the most difficult questions to answer. We wanted to help students and professionals work on presenting their best front forward. 
 One's trash can be another one's treasure. We wanted a solution meant to provide people an easy way to donate clothes, food, recyclables 
 Not Inspired From Someone, Its My Own Creativity.I made this game with excitement . 
 Growing Gardens is a non-profit organization established in 1998. Growing Gardens mission is to enrich the lives of our community through sustainable urban agriculture. Growing Gardens envisions people experiencing a direct and deep connection with plants, the land and each other. Through its many gardening-based programs, Growing Gardens strives to reach gardeners and would-be gardeners of all ages to work alongside the organization and build community through urban agriculture. 
 The statistics on Parkinson’s disease (PD) show that the disorder affects more people than Lou Gehrig’s disease (ALS), muscular dystrophy and multiple sclerosis combined. Parkinson’s affects up to 1 million people in the U.S. Doctors diagnose as many as 60,000 new cases each year . Curamobi aspires to simplify doctor patient interaction for people suffering from the Parkinson's . The disorder can't be cured and only be treated to help patients . Curamobi make this much more simpler and more cost effective as compared to the current measures out there for the same . 
 We started thinking with the aim of building something which would help developers. We realised that there is a power-up available for Slack but not for one of the most popular communication platform, Telegram. We decided to build this power-up which simplifies the process of sharing cards and board updates in your Telegram room! 
 With Singapore's unpredictable weather, we often find ourselves hesitant to leave our windows open because of a very unlikely rain. Haven't you wished there was someway to close your windows on its own if it starts to rain? What it isWe hacked an existing window system to suit our needs through IoT. Our system consists of some weather sensors, like a DIY rain sensor, an mobile application, and an automated window opening and closing mechanism, all interconnected via Bluetooth. 
  
 My friend small business owner, without efficient ways of managing his clients and potential clients. All the apps and software packages available are too big and bloated for a small business. Using the app allows small businesses to be completely mobile and keep track of their client list. 
  
  
 As the cook of the household, I often have a hard time trying to figure out who is coming back for dinner, how much to cook for dinner and what to cook for dinner. This resulted in food wastage, or unsatisfied house mates when you don't cook enough or cook something that they would prefer. This is a problem which all housewives, party/event organizers, and even overseas students staying with housemates (like me) always face! 
 This project comes from an idea I had while I was learning AI techniques in addition to my robotics skills, indeed I'm using UiPath for 3 years now. I recently take courses on Udemy about Machine Learning and Deep Learning to get familiar with these whole new subjects for me. Although, I took some tutorials to learn how to code in Python.All this together, I ended up with the idea of creating a robot allowing non-datascientists to create Machine Mearning models easily and as quickly as possible. Moreover, I welcomed an AI student for an internship of 4 months, so I definitely associated him to the project and we made this together. 
  
 Remote teams is not something new nowadays. In the age of outsourcing there is a pretty decent chance that one day you come to the office and realise that nobody is there in the middle of the working day or during the estimation meeting.So there is plenty of knowledge and experience about handling estimation meetings without physical presence in the same room. But what to do when your team is outsourced and scattered among different time zones, so there is no opportunity for everyone to meet online?The most common solution (or at least such is my impression) is to ask participants to write their estimates in the comments of your issue tracker, per issue. While it might work, there is a few disadvantages to such approach:there is no "centralised" place for estimation resultsissues become "dirty" really fastSo I decided to take this "dirty" part out of the Issue Comments and move this functionality into an add-on. 
 6.8 billion cell-phones are used today. Phones were created to send and receive calls => making people able to talk to each other from distance. But Mute people can't use this important feature. They can SMS, but It's a very slow process. There are more than 6,000,000 mute people in the world, so we got an idea that could help them use this important feature. We searched for similar ideas but couldn't find one, so that encouraged us even more to build it. 
 Internet of Things primarily makes granular information more accessible in real time. However for ioT to take off, we need to show case the technology within a business scenario that can generate a multi-fold return on investment, so that the technology adoption can take off. Business CaseInformation availability in real time alone doesn't add value, or may not add sufficient value to justify the costs and risks associated with an ioT project. To get around this we researched industries and where a combination of an innovative business model that could be executed only through the availability of real time granular data.We looked around for business situations where the availability of granular information can add substantial value. We found that in the after-market automotive care. We further narrowed down the industry to only large trucks and only one part of the truck which is the tire. Tire manufacturers carry very high levels of tire inventory and so does the channel. We analyzed a few companies and found that the inventory holding was in billions. A good example was Good year Tires which had 10.5 Billion sales with over 2.6 Billion in finished goods inventory. The past three years were in the 2.4 to 2.6 billion range as well. The cost of holding inventory in this industry seemed to be between 40% - 55% according to our analysis. This meant that the carrying cost was over a billion dollars and cutting even a small percentage of the inventory will translate into a multi-million dollar cost savings. We created a business model that is based on usage inspired by Amazon Web services. AWS has allowed businesses to pay for IT infrastructure based on their usage. We realized that we could replicate this for a completely  different industry. When customers pay based on usage, their incentives are usually aligned with that of the Managed Service Provider.To align the incentives of the Fleet managers with the managed service provider, we created a usage based billing model for Fleet management. While initially the model will be a simple cents per mile model, more complex measures could be derived that would provide an incentive to the managed services provider to continue lowering the running cost per mile of a truck as long as they get a share of the cost reduction. Solution ArchitectureThe AWS solution architecture is shown below  Business NameHermes is the greek god for roadways and is also considered to be associated with Merchants and Luck. We therefore named the business  Hermes Managed Tire Services  Aligning IncentivesThe Fleet Owner or customer wants to maximize the miles and uptime on his trucks as they are a proxy for his revenue. The managed services provider also has the same metric thus aligning the incentives of the supplier and customer.What it takes to Manage a fleetManaging a fleet of trucks means minimizing the downtime, optimizing the fuel efficiency both of which depend a lot on tires. The business model we are proposing is inspired by the Amazon Web Services but to revolutionize the fleet management and make it a mileage based pricing instead of pricing it based on tires or specific parts.A fleet management operation wouldn't worry about what the condition of tires are and will pay the managed services company on miles traveled.  
  
 Our inspiration coms from the fact that we were students in a new city, which we wanted to explore but there seemed no application which would help us explore locally. All applications were geared towards planning long trips, there existed nothing to help us plan an exciting day to take in the local attractions. To fill this need, we decided to come up with an idea which helps users explore more intelligently and easily. 
  
  
 Email communication is vital yet sometimes it can be hard to interpret.  We believe that by paying close attention to how we communicate and by knowing how others perceive our communication to them, we get to know ourselves and we can get our message across more effectively.Emotional awareness and social intelligence in emails for better relationships - from families, to employees, to businesses.  That’s what we want to accomplish!  
  
 Technical Documents is one of the key deliverable in any RPA project.Creating technical document is highly manual, effort intensive and consumes valuable time of developer. Maintaining such documents in an ever changing process landscape is even more difficult. SolutionWith Doc Assist custom activity you can export the entire project to a document with just a single click. It contains  The overview of solutionList of Applications/Web Services used Details of all key activities Module wise details around variables, arguments and loggingScreenshots of each workflow at module level InstructionsPlease refer to How to use document attached herewith and on Git repo. . Built Withc#Try it outgithub.com      Submitted to    Power Up Automation    Created by  Siddheshwar Korevishnutejcj 
  
 Polytunes is a interactive music pad highly inspired by an electronic music device called Tenori-on and by collaborative creative apps using meteor that often allow to draw with friends. We were aiming at creating a new kind of creative collaboration app, so we decided to target music. 
 Imagine yourself looking for the winter coat online. You found the perfect style, you decided on the color, price is great, there is even a discount! All is left to do before you can put it into the basket is to pick your size... But your size is "out of stock"! Arrrrggg! You decide to make a compromise and order another coat. You wait a couple of days, it arrives - you try in on… and it doesn’t fit! Arrrrrggg!Now you need to pack the coat, bring the box to the post office and send it back. And you still don’t have the coat!!!Arrrrrggg!Size Tables / Converters / Free returns are not the cure! They are just the symptoms! Size is the moving target. It changes from season to season, from style to style, from vendor to vendor. And sometimes you change - finally decided to go to the gym?Lazzo moves as fast as the Size! 
 Sitting in a 400 person lecture sucks. There is no ability to create consensus as to which parts of the lecture make sense and which don't. And this again and again leads to presenters lacking the audience feedback they need to deliver an engaging presentation. We wanted to provide presenters with an "at a glance" view of how many people couldn't understand the concept, or couldn't hear, or just like the presenter's hair today. A quick way to gain consensus information over time in a large audience, while keeping the audience engaged, Better presentations for everyone!!! 
  
  
 The inspiration for First Days comes from our struggles of resettling in Australia. Our family, friends, and community members found it difficult to sign up for services including Banks, Centrelink, Mobile Phone Plans or even find places we needed to go. Accessing information in today's age is becoming easy but accessing the right information in your language in real time is still not a reality till now.  
 We are college students that recognize the value of using our time efficiently. We want to empower students to make money while helping their peers. In essence, we see the college campus as a dense network of people who can share resources and time to create a powerful community. Fireflies is our way of redefining the sharing economy on college campuses.  
 Finding a job that is matching user skills take long time and effort. First of all you need to know the strongest job search websites, then search frequently in them. This process is very tedious and lazy   
 As there are many blocked and uncleaned open drains in the country which causes non-hygienic situations which lead to various health problems in humans.Due to waterlogged streets their are many road accidents which lead to harm to men-life. Sometimes drains are not regularly cleaned by drain cleaners and their is no monitoring or reporting of this. This causes blockage and unhygienic drains leading to bad health. ////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////// 
 You are already in chat rooms all day.  Why not manage your infrastructure from chat!ChatOps provides visibility into your processes and allows others on your team to learn how to manage your infrastructure without having to look over your shoulder as you type commands into a shell. 
 Who doesn't want to be a princess? 
  
 We thought it would really come in handy to be able to view files right in Bitbucket instead of downloading and viewing them on your computer. So we got excited and built a 3D, Map, Table, PDF viewers. 
 Entry test preparation is a huge hassle in Pakistan where students pay tens of thousands of rupees to sit in overcrowded classes to cram for a couple of months before the exams.Also, this opportunity is not available to students in far flung areas who can not afford to spend months in major cities.We created an app where students can prepare for entrance exams using their mobile phones. 
 Innovation drives business growth. By creating a clear innovation initiative for your organisation, developers will be more confident and driven to participate.  
 Artificial intelligence can be put to good use in our society, and helping vulnerable groups get help when they need it most, in a automated efficient manner is a great step towards a smart-city and smart-society. 
 The increasing number of suicides and depressed people has become a major cause of concern. Being able to identify such individuals and help them out before it is too late would be valuable. Previous research did not focus on the cause of mental illness. We wanted our model to provide personalized help by understanding the cause(not just predict the illness) and analyzing the networks and connection of those individuals.  
  
  
 When we started off, we had an idea of what we want to do. We wanted to create a certain system to help the people in overcoming water crisis that prevails in California. In order to do so, we started our research on IOT and certain sensors which could help us to build this system. Though our idea was raw, what we required is a direction to go ahead with. This direction was showed to us by Mr Pramod Joshi, CEO of Winning Mantra. We are highly grateful to his valuable suggestions during the course of our project. 
  
 I started this app by first analyzing the Hsuehshan Tunnel Traffic datasets and OpenXc Datasets and uploading it to the server via json call.Since the traffic dataset provided were collected every 5 minutes(300 seconds). Our app makes call to the dataset json fileevery five minutes to  provide users with the most current traffic information's at any given time.Every User in Yilan and Taipei can be able to access the most current real time traffic information from home, offices, schools, church etc and could be able to know if there is traffic or not.Traffic RealTime Analysis every 5 MinutesThe app was able to predict and analysis every 5 minutes(300 seconds):1.) The status of traffic on the tunnel. The value of Zero(0) and Green light bulb indicates free network flow or no traffic2.) The app shows the number of lanes occupied every 5 minutes. for instance increased in the number of lanes occupied is an indication of slow movements which may be caused by traffic and vice versa.3.) The apps also show the volume of cars, Trains, long vehicles(Lorry) that transit the tunnel every 5 minutes.4.) The app works in conjuction with openXc dataset in analyzing the speed of every vehicle transiting the tunnel.The value of  the Vehicle speed  obtained from the Hsuehshan Tunnel Traffic datasets and OpenXc Datasets were also used in analyzing the trafficsituation of the tunnels as increase in the values of the vehicle speed indicates free flow of road network.Statistical Graphs RealTime Traffic AnalysisTo make this app one of the best in the world, those dataset leverages were dynamically coded to generate statistical graph Charts for Data Visualisations. For instnce from the graph, the user can be able to view the number of Cars, Trains, Longvehicles that transit the tunnel every 5 minutes. User can be able to see number of lane occupied,vehicle speeds overtime.Vehicle Performance Tunning and Monitoring via OpenxcOpenxc were also used to enable users to visualize the workability of his car system for performance and monitoring.car variables like Intake Manifold Pressure(Unit expressed in Pascal),Vehicle speed,Engine load,Engine speed,Enginecoolant Temperature along with their respective Timestamp were leveraged. This inputted variables were dynamically created and simulatedto provide the car owner with data visualisation on the workability of his entire car system.For instance, the value obtained from the engine load will tell the performance of the engine as the value is expressed in Horse Power(HP). With OpenXc, vehicle monitoring and performance overtime has been easier than ever.OpenXc Timestamp values were converted to Hours-Minutes-Seconds to make time data readable.For openXC only: Remember to Click on Reload Button after inputing and  submiting the OpenXc Car variables eg engine load, Intake manifold Pressure etc so as to reflect on the graphfor OpenXc Car Performance Monitoring and Data Visualisations.....Thank YouBuilt Withhsuehshan-tunnel-traffic-datasetsopenxcTry it outfredcare.com      Submitted to    Hsuehshan Tunnel Transformer    Created by  deleted deleted 
 Every year, there’s a huge monetary and personal loss to humanity, because of car crashes. So, when we heard about the hackathon, about the amount of data provided by VDOT and Smarter Roads, we as Computer Science students knew it right away, that we can contribute to this cause and decided to come up with a Machine Learning model to predict the number and the type of crashes. 
  
  
  
 We began developing this webapp after we noticed a lack of organization and attention for fitness-based pages on social media. We felt that there was a simple way we could accomplish this task, we developed AppLetic.  
  
 Many artists, professional or amateur, struggle with getting their ideas to the public. Innovative technology such as virtual reality (VR) brings a new set of options to these artists, making the opportunities to express themselves limitless. With VR, the artist’s room becomes his or her canvas where the artist can explore his or her ideas boundless. VR revolutionizes how the artist creates and sees his or her artwork and allows he or she to be himself or herself, respectively.The goal of this project was to develop a VR painting app that creates a comfortable, calming environment to create artwork and improves the quality of life of the user. Specifically, the app targets users who like to draw by improving current technology available to the users. The app includes features such as a 360˚ canvas, an extended color palette and brush selection with activation by a controller, and the option of undoing strokes. The app supports the idea of VR painting by also giving artists who have limited mobility the chance to create works of art once again. VR is a medium where there is an equal chance for all kinds of artists to create art. It is an environment where users can explore their creativity and imagination. This app is designed to give a chance to all who dare to try it. 
 A chatbot that can be player (supporting) in logistic company. It is able collaboration with internal and external team to provide information what they needed. With the current technology in AWS, it will make you have chatbot with high availability resources, scalable, and extremely lower cost  to service your customer/client. 
 Dans les villes, il est difficile de faire des achats. En effet, les magasins sont nombreux et les produits variés. En tant que citoyen, nous voulons tous avoir le produit idéal et utiliser notre pouvoir d'achat efficacement. Comment savoir quels produits sont réellement les meilleurs parmi toutes les étiquettes et réductions?Notre solutionHeureusement, il y a le code barre! Ce code est unique à chaque produit et il est le même peut importe le magasin. Notre application permet de lire ce code barre et fournir des informations essentielles pour choisir un produit. Vous voulez un produit local? Qui a utilisé peu d'eau? Toutes ces informations sont désormais à la portée de votre main!TechnologiesCette application est crée avec JQuery et Bootstrap. Nous avons opté pour cette option afin d'assurer une portabilité et une extensibilité certaine.Les défisNous avons éprouvé certaines difficultés à trouver des API intéressantes afin d'avoir des informations pertinentes sur les produits.Nos apprentissagesNous avons créé notre première application web fonctionnelle sur un domaine. Nous avons beaucoup appris sur le language web et le hosting. Certains membres de l'équipe ont appris sur le tas alors que d'autres ont approfondi leur compréhension en expliquant des concepts aux autres.Développement futurL'extensibilité du système est très présente. En effet, plusieurs fonctionnalités peuvent être ajoutées à notre solution logicielle. Premièrement, nous pouvons étendre nos données sur plusieurs critères tel que le prix et la valeur nutritive. Un système de comparaison de produits sur plusieurs critères pourrait aussi être implémenter. Par exemple, après un scan, le téléphone peut avertir qu'un item qui répond mieux à nos critères se situent dans un magasin environnant! Nous pourrions aussi ajouter un système de budget écologique selon des critères de gaspillage et d'utilisation de ressources pour éviter de dépasser, par exemple, un certain nombre de CO2 pour le mois! Built WithbootstrapcsshtmljavascriptjqueryTry it outgithub.comscanmycart.com      Submitted to    Hackatown 2018    Created by  Michaël ChrétienJS LemaireAntoine Gaulin 
 Last summer, at Make School Summer Academy, I was pondering what App I wanted to bring into the world. After many days of deliberation, I found the answer in my day-to-day routine. Almost everyday, I would be texting or calling my best friends, and I realized that I only really kept in touch with a few of my real-life friends. Thus, Touch was born: a way to constantly connect with all contacts. 
 We were thinking of having the proper analysis of a product in systematic and product driven way.We went across which datasets to choose from as our idea was to choose the best proper solution hence the project started 
 Hsuehshan Tunnel is the best road for connecting Taipei and Yilan. However there is always traffic jams which increases the driving time on holidays. This proposal focus on eliminating the factor of traffic jam to solve the problem. From our experience of getting stuck in traffic jam, the car speed is usually slow when entering a tunnel, and gets higher and higher when approaching the exit. Why?  There are three main reasons we have concluded as follow: People can’t always keep driving at the same high speed because of the difference speed information showing on the dashboard between different cars. People have difference concepts of safe distance for driving. Improper brake slows down the car speed behind and causes the chain reaction.That is, if all the drivers can drive at the best speed with a suitable safe distance, the rate of traffic flow in tunnel can be higher. As a result, how to guide drivers respectively to drive at the best speed with an appropriate distance is the main purpose of the proposal.雪山隧道是目前台北與宜蘭往返中，最便捷安全的路線。然而，此路線在假日常常造成堵塞的問題，使得行車時間大為增加。本提案提出一種可行且有效率的方式，根除造成堵塞的因素，解決雪山隧道塞車的問題。從我們自身的塞車經驗觀察到，通常進入雪山隧道時的車速很慢，但漸漸靠近出口時，速度越來越通順。探究其主要原因，是車輛沒有保持最高速度前進、或者不當的剎車動作，造成後方連鎖反應。因此，如能讓所有車輛在安全前提之下，能保持最佳的前進速度，隧道的車流量可以達到最理想的狀況。然而，最困難之處在於每輛車儀表顯示的車速會有落差，加上每位駕駛主觀認為的安全車距皆不同，因此如何導引每位駕駛至最佳的"車速"與"車距"，是本提案最主要的目標。 
 My friends and I have lots of painful experience of going through traffic jam in Hsuehshan Tunnel. Therefore, we wanted to think of a solution that can at least relief the suffering of the driver and the passenger in jam or a way to reduce the traffic. 
 Homes are becoming more and more intelligent with Smart Home products such as the Amazon Echo or Google Home. However, users have limited information about the infrastructure's status.  
  
 The period crisis of homeless women in NY. This app solves that problem. 
 These days you have a lot of applications where you can go for task management. In most organizations, the three main tools are Outlook, SharePoint (Project), and Planner as the new kid on the block. This makes it difficult for end-users to get an overview of all their tasks and / or complete them. This is what we want to tackle with our Outlook module. 
  
 The supernode problem is a common issue in the graph database space. Being able to do the following query efficiently on nodes with thousands, millions or more relationships would make a whole new range of use cases possible with Neo4j.  MATCH (node)-[r:MY_REL {i: $i}]-(other) WHERE id(node) = $idRETURN r, other 
 Top tech companies like Apple andGoogleare investing in beacon devices. This project demonstrates how the concept of beaconcan be used, together with the power of Apache Spark, to discover knowledgein the Yelp dataset and to build a recommendation web service whichempowers local businesses and personalises customer experience. 
 We have worked lot for e-commerce clients here in India. The biggest challenge which we have faced is when our client is asked for single communication channel platform which can broadcast in multiple ways. They are not asking this only for transactional communication but also for marketing purpose. But we do not have any solution of this query for them. To full-fill those requirements we have to integrate different things for different channel. Which takes a lot time to implementation as well as it is very complex to maintain.Here we got to know about "Whispir". And after looking into that we founded that can be very useful to our clients. And from here we got into the development processes.Right now we have development a sample Android application which can be used to delivery SMS, Emails and do a Voice Call. It can also save Contacts and can create work-spaces.We are writing the code in such a way that it can easily integrated with any-other android application and also can be utilized based on different scenarios.We have can created it to showcase functionality of Whispir to our clients. 
 As members of the Montreal Startup ecosystem and newly members of the hacker community, we have been to a lot of events like startup weekends, conferences, and have been confronted to the inconvenience of having to configure WiFi access with complicated and/or long passwords. So we wanted to come up with a solution to make the experience of connecting to a WiFi hotspot less tedious, hassle-free, and more automated. 
  
 Many organisations use HP tools such as HP ALM (Application Lifecycle Management / Quality Center) for test management and HP Quick Test Professional for test automation. However, most of the customers who migrate to JIRA, leaves HP ALM (Application Lifecycle Management / Quality Center) Test Sets automated with Quick Test Professional running out of Continuous Integration setup.  Although it is possible to integrate them with continuous integration tools, the complexity to make it work, reliability and end results are never satisfactory. 
 If you've ever hit the snooze button again and again and again only to realize hours later that you should have been up long ago, then you've felt the pain that we have felt. Driven by the need for an alarm that genuinely got us up, we set out to create wake. The app itself is simple. Instead of tapping or sliding a button to disable it, the user must get out of bed and walk a certain distance away to disable the alarm or vigorously shake the alarm for twenty-seconds. These physical triggers engage the user in a way that alarms have not done in the past. Leveraging the GPS and Accelerometer features of modern smartphones we created wake. Additionally, typical snooze features enable users to form bad habits by continuously snoozing an alarm. Instead, wake provides a unique form of negative reinforcement. Users can choose to enable or disable the snooze feature, but there's a catch. The snooze feature must be linked to the user's bank account, and every snooze donates a pre-set amount of money to an entity of the user's choice, such as a charity or political campaign.How we built itThe application was built in Objective-C for iOS devices. We leveraged iOS’s NotificationCenter, AudioToolbox, AVFoundation, CoreLocation, and CoreMotion frameworks to implement all the features for this application. We integrated Plaid’s API for payment processing.Challenges we ran intoDue to some of iOS’s restrictions, setting the alarm to trigger at a certain time and forcing the user to only use the app was technically impossible. So we could only display a notification for the user to open the app in order to disable the alarm. Additionally, the UILocalNotifications that we used for the event triggers were uncooperative and sometimes would not fire — so we also built a standard timer to alleviate this issue.Unfortunately, due to the lack of an Objective-C wrapper/library for Plaid, we were unable to complete integrating their payment processing system.Accomplishments that we're proud ofWe were proud of the UI animations, flow, and functionality of the app. We wanted to make the app not only be functional but also to look/feel great. (Watch the video demo! (Some interactions shortened for brevity.))What we learnedWe learned that making a alarm application was not as simple as we thought and that working with AutoLayout (through code) could be very painful at times.What's next for wakeWe will attempt to finish integrating the Plaid payment processing system and releasing wake to the app store.Built Withobjective-csketchTry it outgetwakeapp.com      Submitted to    SpartaHack 2016Winner                Best iOS App              Winner                Top 10                  Created by  Alexander ChangJust a kid with a computer.Thomas CI write code... and sometimes it works! 
 In the past, when working on high volume imports in Neo4j, we had to create custom procedures and test their performance using CSV input data.We tried to achieve this using Gatling with the Bolt extension, but for some reason, it was not playing well with CSV input files.As JMeter is also a very popular tool, we created our load tests with it and it worked very well. But these tests were a bit cumbersome to write because (unlike JDBC, JMS, ...),  there is no native bolt protocol support in Jmeter. We had to do a lot of manual scripting. 
 We all love the Werewolf game don't we? Wouldn't it be better if it had sound effects and awesome photoshops of the MLH team?How it worksThe app run on one device for the Game Master, and on as many devices as needed for the participants (at least 6-8 recommended).Challenges we ran intoIntegrating BrainTree, persuading Gradle to stop whining, keeping devices synced together via GCM.Accomplishments that we're proud ofSpeedy communication via Google Cloud Messaging and push notifications; fully-functional RoR backend; well-built Android app, the sound effects.What's next for MLHorrors?MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO.Built Withandroidbraintreemlh-staffrubyruby-on-railsvolley      Submitted to    Great Uni Hackathon 2015Winner                Best use of Braintree_PayPal API              Winner                Crowd Favourite                  Created by  Built the Android app and much of the GCM communication system.Mark OrmesherBuilt the backend, including the Braintree Market integrationJoshua SimpsonCreated/designed the digital cards. Filmed and edited the video. Uros ZupanMaria Vrabie 
 The future of tech is accessible, so we wanted to leverage the resources offered by Hack MIT to make our first step towards that direction. Since the hackathon's theme is hack for a reason, we decided to hack for a cause that affected both our team members and many others: the Alzheimer's disease. And with the Alzheimer's awareness month right around the corner (November), we thought that Hack MIT 2019 was the perfect opportunity to build something cool and start a discussion around this disease. 
 Money market allow you to lend out your cryptocurrencies at relatively low risk and earn passive income. Splitting the interest from the principal allows you to earn FREE cryptocurrencies while always keeping your initial investment. 
 As an IT Scientist, I have little knowledge on Agriculture based on Agric Science I did in Secondary School but thisknowledge wasn't enough so I started interviewing Farmers,Agricultural Lecturers and Students within my area and In my school on what to do to ensure excellent farming, maximum crop yield and to ensure thatall this information are passed from one generation of Farmer to another without alteration. The average resopnse I got were stated below.1.) If appropriate planning are in place regarding financial Capabilities,production cost,crops yields things will be okay.2.) Testing of soil propertises need to be done to know the crop suitable for a particular Areas.3.) The major problems faced by farmers are mostly drought, weeds and Insect Attacks. If this can be mitigated, then maximum yield can be expected.4.) Most Young Agricultural graduates and Farmers lack interest in Farming because of unavailability of Informations onModern trends in Agriculture. All Professors and all Agricultural Students and graduates in various Universities Points out that If USDA Dataset can be collabrated with Social Network for purpose of Dataset Analysis, Data Visualisation,information Exchange(Just like in Facebook),it will make farming/Agricultural Studies one of the most interesting disciplinein the world. For Instance a Young Graduate trying to setup a Soyabeans Farming can immediately leverage USDA Datasets andcan share his knowledge, ideas or issues with other Users(Farmers) via a social network thus ensuring information propagationthrough an unbroken succession from one generation of Farmer to another. Farmers are ensured that any issues on farming can easily be resolved by leveraging USDA Dataset and by other responses from Farmers from various Farming disciplines within the Social Network.What Inspiration & Interview Lands me into.USDA Dataset is Very Broad though the API Call for each dataset is very simple. Thanks for the USDA Enginneers.From Inspiration above, we all knew that Water(H2O) and Air(O2) are two essential commodities that support human lives.While Human uses Oxygen(O2), plant uses Carbondioxide(CO2) for Photosythesis as can  be expressed mathematically inthe Photosynthetic Equation BelowFrom the Photosynthetic Equation Above, You can Visualize the quantity of Water and Carbon(iv)Oxide needed as a reactant toyield a Product called Sugar.So from this equation, you can understand that water is very essential for plants growths andcrops yield. Consequently, lack of water commonly known as DROUGHT can be disasterous to plants as it can inhibitsphotosynthesis in plants and can lead to little or no crop yield or the plant may even die off due to lack of water.What I builtAn app that allows American Farmers to visualized their idea crops,predicts production cost, knows the favourable state for growing a particullar crop, visualized the amount of water needed(eg. Irrigated Water,Ground Water, Surface Water) and quantity of crops yields in Bushels over time.The app also allows information exchange between Farmers via a social network. The App leverages Irrigation Technology & Water Use (ARMS DATASET 1999-2006).What this App DoesComponents A: USDA Data VisualisationsThe App leverages Irrigation Technology & Water Use (ARMS DATASET 1999-2006). From the USDA Dataset above, we picked uptwo crops (Soyabeans and Corn) so we started with Soyabeans as a case study via the API Call.so the app were able to integrate all Planted Acres, Irrigated Acres, the ground water usage, surface water usage and irrigated water used on the crop(Soyabeans) and amount of products yields(Bushels) per application over time(eg 2006,2002,2000,1999 etc..). This datasets were collected for every statesin United States. All this datasets were dynamically created via API Call to deploy Data Visualization components and statistical graphs were ploted using Bar Charts, Column Charts,Aggregated Area Chart and Pie Chart distribution Analysis over time.With this Graphs Visualization Components, Farmers can be able to Visualized graphs Dataset on each states in USA on crops Yields(eg.Soyabeans) over time(eg year 2006,2002,2000,1999 etc)For instance in Arkansas, Kansas, Nebraska etc........Farmer can graphically visualize over time,A.) Amount of surface water used vs Crop Yield(Eg. Soyabeans in Bushel)B.) Amount of Ground Water Used vs Crop Yield(Eg. Soyabeans in Bushel)C.) Amount of Irrigated Water Applied  vs Crop Yield(Eg. Soyabeans in Bushel)D.) Amount of planted Acres etc...From this graph Visualisation statistical Analysis, Farmer can be able to know the quantity of water(Eg.Ground,Surface,Irrigated)needed and amount of crops that can be produce with it with respect to time(Eg. year 2006,2002,2000,1999).For instance in Nebraska state in the year 2006, the average Arms Datasets were as followsGround Water Used: 90.472 Percent of Irrigated Acres.Surface Water Used: 9.528 Percent of Irrigated Acres.Water Used Per Irrigated Acres: 9.715 Per Inches.Irrigated Acres: 2369.147 Per 1,000 Acres.Planted Acres: 5050.109 Per 1,000 Acres.Crop Yield Per Irrgated Acres: 61.98 Pounds(cotton), Bushels(all other crops).All this statistical Data will help Farmers in decision making process like checking production cost, crops yield and Business Profitability The app also provides Dataset Graphs Visualisation Components that allows Farmers to Compare and visualize data at State Levelonthe amount of planted Acres per state, the amount of Water needed(Eg Irrigated, Surface and Ground Water) versus Crop Yield etc per state.This will help USA Farmers to know the States that consumes more water and amount of crop yields(eg. Soyabeans).For instance, graphs data visualisation on state level comparison eg in year 2006, shows that INDIANA consumes highest Groundwater(about 100.00 percent of irrigated acres and crop yields was 40.561 Bushels) whileNEBRASKA consumes lesser Groundwater(90.472 percent of irrigated acres and yield the highest crop in the year about61.98 Bushels)Based on Production Cost,You can see that Nebraska in the year 2006(ARMS DataSets) consumes lesser water and produces thehighest Crop Yields(Eg. Soyabeans) than its counter part state Indiana that consumes the highest water in the same year but produces a lesser Crop Yields.The Inference from this Arms dataset 2006 makes Nebraska one of the best state in USA suitable for Soyabeans Farming both in production cost and crop Yields.Components B: Social Network Integration with 1-to-1 Chat System with Photo Sharing OptionMy Interview with Farmers, Professors and all Agriculttural Students and graduates in various UniversitiesPoints out that If USDA Dataset can be collabrated with Social Network for purpose of Dataset Analysis, Data Visualisation,information Exchange(Just like in Facebook),it will make farming/Agricultural Studies one of the most interesting disciplinein the world. For Instance a Young Graduate trying to setup a Soyabeans Farming can immediately leverage USDA Datasets andcan share his knowledge, ideas or issues with other Users(Farmers) via a social network thus ensuring information propagationthrough an unbroken succession from one generation of Farmer to another. This Social Integration are design to function just like facebook.it will help farmers exchange informations between themselves. Farmers, Agriculturist can be able to Share and post status updates, post photos, post and Share Videos, send like & comments etc. about Agricultural modern trends and for educative puposes. Farmers can be able to send friend request to their fellow Farmers, Makes friends and chat with one another on 1-to-1 chat conversationswith photo sharing options. Users can be able to search Farmers based on their names,email address, phone number and Farmersfarming specialization. For instance if you are looking for a farmer that speacialized on Corn Farming to have a conversationwith him or her, you can just type corn in the search box and all farmers that specialized on corn farming will bepopulated.....If you know how to use facebook, this social integration will be easy for you as everything were implemented using facebookliketechnology and user friendly UI designs.How it WorksJust call up the application and make one time registration. Login to start accessing the app.To visualize USDA Datasets, click on AGRO PRODUCT, select soyabeans as a case study and then navigate. On the landingpage, you can be able to access the USDA Datasets on different states overtime eg(year 2006,2002,2000,1999), If the states you are looking for is  not loaded,Click on LOAD MORE US STATE button to load more state.Every Populated states immediately shows average Planted Acres, ground water used,surface water used, irrigated water appliedand amount of crop yield over time.To be able to visualize datasets statistics of a particular state eg ARKANSAS,NEBRASKA etc... you can click onClick on View State StatisticsTo be able to compare datasets statistics for all states at state level, click on Compare All States flanking each state.Once you are there first select the year eg (2006,2002,2000,1999) that you want to compare and visualized, and the graphsdata will be loaded for each year choosen. For further details reference the demonstration video or email me.For Social integration, everybody is already facebook fans, so just assume yourself to be accessing facebooks where you canpost Status Updates, Post Photos, Post and Share Videos on Farming and Agro-Educations. Can Send Friend request, Makes friends,Like and Comments on every post being Shared, can search and connect to any Farmer in United States. Among all can be ableto Chat with other Farmers in United States on 1-to-1 chat messages with photo sharing option..Challenges I facedSome Datasets has null values when making API Call to USDA ARMS DATASETs. NUll simply means that the value in Undetermined,unknown or Not available. I implore a module on my server backend that converts all null values in the API to zero to make statistical analysis more efficient.Again Building a Social Network with Facebook design with all techonogical components and features to make the app userfriendly and integrating it with USDA DATASETS for Data Analysis and Visualization took much of my time to be precise(32 days)What NextWe will adding other remaining crops and its datasets one after the other via the API call and allows data Visualisation on the fly while ensuringthat all datasets are in place.we need to expand social aspect of the Apps to allow farmers to start creating Farmers Groups, Farmers Page just likein facebook. Eg A farmer can create a group on titled "Rice Farming" and other farmers who are interested on Rice farming canfollow up.Comming SoonAndroid Version in less than 14 days. IOS and Windows version can be coded in less than 30 days if there is a need for it. All resources is just set for coding.Technology Upgrade coming soon......1.) Using Memcache to offload load on the database.2.) Presently the Chat system works on Long connection polling and server sent Events.Currently, this chat system will be using Redis or finally ejabbered/Xmmp protocols.Programming KnowledgeC, Java, Objective C, Coldfusion, PHP,Oracle,Mysql,Memcache, Redis,Ejabbered/XMMP and Phonegap.Try it outfredcare.com      Submitted to    USDA Innovation Challenge    Created by  deleted deleted 
 We use Hipchat to organize our team communication, we noticed that there are some actions that often repeat in the different teams. What we did was take all this small tasks and create tools that allow teams make decisions faster. 
  
 Every year hundreds of pedestrians and cyclists become victims of road accidents. We truly believe that technology can reduce this number very easily and PedSafety aims to do that. PedSafety helps pedestrians in numerous ways and ensures that they obey the traffic rules. It is the perfect companion app for pedestrians.We obtained the inspiration of the idea from two sources:Existing Look Up applicationThe ordered movement of animal groups in nature 
 En prédrink pour le Café Campus, Victor a presque mis feu à la maison de Lucas, heureusement, les pompiers sont arrivés à temps. Mais que ce serait-il passé s'ils avaient été pris dans des embouteillages ?  
  
 The pain that I surfaced during logging into RDP machine everytime. 
 Ecopet is a combination of two words : economical and pet. 
  
 The way I think the web app is all about usage of Open Data portal.I have never used Open Data for any Challenge our API's for it.So my first motto was to get a firm grip on API usages and ways of using it.I started exploring the details in internet and got myself going.Most importantly I used details from the Kontakt.io website about Beacons and then started using it.I also had in my mind to use the transit data api and hence explored and did it to my liking. 
 The web is just toxic because you and I can be toxic. The Problem of InternetEveryone hates that the internet can be really mean. Everyone hates the cyberbullies, the keyboard warriors, the irrational haters that contribute to this issue. Yet, everyone can easily become a bully, a hater, a keyboard warrior because people may get angry and act on anger without thinking twice. Hence, everyone is in this vicious cycle of internet toxicity. Creating it, spreading it and hating it all at the same time. As a conclusion, the internet needs to have a sort of measurement, that could not only think twice for us but also help us to think twice. We need a “frenly™” internet.Solutionfrenly™ is a Chrome extension that vows to end the vicious cycle of internet toxicity in the web, by proactively preventing toxicity from spreading and creating. Features as below:1. Read Post / CommentsWhen our backend sentiment analysis engine detects potentially toxic comments in the loaded web page, they will be censored by an overlaying color block. The user may choose to reveal the negative comment at his/her risk.If the page contains too many negative comments, we will request the user to consider to leave the page.By smartly detecting the web content, user can be in a more active position countering internet toxicity. Whatever is spread, can no longer harm. 2. Write Post / CommentsWe introduce a toxicity meter on the comment textbox. Before a comment is being posted, it is sent to our backend sentiment analysis engine to evaluate its polarity.If the polarity goes too negative, the system will pop a window to advise the user to reconsider his/her word choices.By initiating respectful reminding alerts, user can no longer fall easily for the emotional trap. Whatever is toxic, can no longer be created. 3. Post / Comment Wrap-UpA health check summary is provided to the user to assess his/her average negativity and subjectivity of input history.Implementation wise, we pull the active user's comments and posts using Facebook API and Twitter API and feed them into our sentiment analysis engine for evaluation.Tokenization is performed on the user's comments and posts to find out the top 5 most significant words used in each social media platform.By actively studying user’s internet speech, user can learn more about him/herself and cultivate the right mindset.Together with all 3 aspects, we hope to create a lightweight, yet powerful tool to help to build a nicer, friendlier web community.What's Next For frenly™frenly™ is now supported to run on Facebook, Twitter and Youtube. We hope that it could be extended on other social media platforms to continue its effort on combating cyber negativity.frenly™'s backend sentiment analysis engine could be improved to achieve more precise detection on negative and potentially harmful comments.TeamTan Hao HaoGary Lai Jun HongHeng Ming JiBuilt Withcsshtmljavascriptnatural-language-processingpythonsentiment-analysis-onlineTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    Hack&Roll 2019Winner                Top 8                  Created by  Heng Ming JiTan Hao HaoFinal Year Computer Science Student @ NTUGary Lai 
 To improve shared taxi experience in Morocco and in other countries including Nigeria and making shared rides faster, safer, and more cost and time efficient for taxi drivers and their passengers. 
 Waste management is a huge problem that affects all other issues specially crowd blocking, as the crowd blocks the trash vehicle to pass in order to pick up the trash especially near Mina during the day, after doing lot of research and asking people who have been through this problem, I managed to come up with a solution that requires time to evolve. 
  
 Social Media Managers receive trouble reports and sales leads in Facebook and Twitter. Often these need to be handled by other teams, Support or Sales for example. What if there was a way to open a ticket directly in JIRA Service Desk? 
 Health is an important aspect of all of our lives. In the modern age, health often takes the backseat due to high stress levels accompanied by our urban lifestyle. It is no secret that the world is getting hotter and pollution isn't getting any better, but your health shouldn't be compromised. We built ZOI to provide automatically generated recommendations to ensure healthy living in the city.ΖΩΗ, pronounced ZOI, stands for "Life" in Greek, and we found it to be a fitting name for an application that aims to supplement users' lives in such a way. 
 Dating in 2016 has two main problems:It is difficult to find people looking for serious, committed relationshipsIt is painstaking to personally go through a myriad of potential matches to find the right individuals 
 We are all facing concerns to control our multiple video devices. Too many and too complex remotes controls,Too many channels provided by IP TV devices to remember all channels ids,Painful and time consuming researchs in Replay programs or Movies catalogs using virtual keyboard.Handwriting recognition helps to solve these issues we are all facing.Fing’R Mote android app has been created to ease our TV time using MyScript handwriting recognition to control our devices.  
 Many people suffer from the habit of procrastination which results in them falling behind and losing control of time. They aim to accomplish so much in such little time but fall short in doing so. This problem of procrastination is growing as serious rates, likely due to the introduction of new and improved distractions that are even harder to ignore. In fact, according to Dr. Steel, Phd, a physiologist at the University of Calgary, the population suffering from chronic procrastination increased from 5% to 26% between 1978 and 2007. Also, in a different meta-analysis experiment, Steel found that 80-95% of 2007 college students admitted to procrastination that negatively affected their classwork.  
 We wanted to create a tool that would help parents to educate their children, enhance empathy and reinforce positive values, while having a toy that would not bore kids.We wanted to create the first interactive toy for kids able to display emotions through colors, able to act autonomously or be controlled by parents via a mobile app, in order to help kids in their emotional and social development. We wanted everything to be built using the new wave of the internet of things, and create a toy that kids will see as something more than than a toy, a friend that they will spend the nights with! We had some goals in mind for the development of Purrpurino, which could benefit society in several ways: · It would help parents reinforce good behaviours in their children. Parents can set Purrpurino's emotions, and Purrpurino will act depending of that state. For example if the toy is sick it will expect a kid to take care of him, and if it is playful it will expect the kid to play with him. · It would help kids sleep at night, with dim lights that will keep company and help them stop being afraid of the dark! · A system to help parents waking up their kids, gradually increasing Purrpurino's led brightness in the morning and using the stepper motor to make the kid wake up with a smile.Purrpurino comes from a combination of different words - Purpurina (Spanish word for glitter), "Purr" (like the purring of cats) and the suffix -ino obviously comes from Arduino.  
 Every day, time was wasted on roads at intersections because of the unreasonable distribution of duration of green lights. If the roads with more cars can have longer durations of green lights, people's time can be saved. 
 70% of Cardiac Arrest happens outside of the hospital. The first few minutes are critical to organ function - it is imperative that the patient receives immediate assistance, which can mean the difference between life and death. We believe everyone in the world deserves access to the best CPR education available. Effective CPR can double the chances of survival and preserve vital brain function. 
  
 Since publishing educational guides about popular DeFi tools (DeFiTutorials.com) and observing early-users’ simulations on DeFi Strategies, we were inspired to create an easy way for anyone (no matter how much they know about using each DeFi tool) to get instant access to multiple DeFi protocols. Right now, DeFi is just a buzzword to most people. We even noticed someone taking advantage of the DeFi community's current traction. They set up "DeFi" tokens to make gains through the unawareness of other people who believe 'DeFi' is an asset they can invest in through these tokens. People see ETH locked in DeFi going up and think, “How can I get exposure to that growth?!” We are putting education at the core of our approach to make sure this doesn't happen to anyone. 
 We wanted to make a fully functional multiplayer game. 
 As of 2013, there are roughly 38 million Americans who have experienced severe hearing loss. Shockingly, only 7.6 million of them could actually benefit from wearing a hearing aid. We wanted to create a world in which they are capable of seeing what we hear, providing near real-time speech-to-text translation. This is one of the practical uses of AR where it actually augments their world by helping them understand others with such ease.  
  
 Nowadays, security is only as good as you make it.  The PDFs we have today can be signed by just about anyone without any real sort of evidence that they were in fact the person who signed it.  How can we really know if documents were signed by Joseph Song or Cassidy Williams?  With Sincerely, we're able to train signature models to be able to accurately and verifiably predict whether it was the person who signed it or not.   
 Being in a fast paced and working society, many working adults choose to take away food to be consumed at home or at their office, rather than cook their own meals to save time. The idea our team came up with is to allow these people who take away food a chance to earn some money while going through their usual routine. 
 Don't Tap white tile. 
 Addteq created this solution for a client of ours that experiences high levels of visually impaired individuals who need access to tools like the Atlassian Suite.   
 We all have heard the saying that says - "The Resources of the present are the debts for the future".  Blockchain is the technology for the future and we wanted used it for providing the best solution to the problem. 
 Everyone wants to look like a star from the magazine. But finding clothes that suits you isn't an easy task... It takes a lot of practice to match them with your outlook, however there're agencies that offer you such service. So, it takes your money and time. Well, not anymore! 
  
 Interest in computer vision and Kanye West's semblance. 
  
  
 We believe that the impact of ideas is the foundation on which we should build our world on. Our team was inspired to take on a challenge that would improve the lives of those around us while remaining true to our roots. When the Fort McMurray fires of 2016 destroyed over 3244 homes and caused 9.9 billion USD in damages, the lives of our team members were transformed. Coming from Alberta, the effects of the fire left a lasting impression on our views of how technology can be used for good and helped us discover a newfound sense of purpose. We sought to use new and novel technologies to make this a reality. Guardian is a novel helmet designed to advance current firefighting methods. By attaching various crucial sensors on the helmet, we are able to gather important vitals about the environment such as temperature, CO2 levels, atmospheric pressure, volume of total organic compounds, and much more while simultaneously sending this data in real-time over the Internet of Things platform to a remote database. We then retrieved this information and created a unique web user interface that responded to the real-time changes in data to relay information across all individuals over watching the situation.  
 Many successful startups like Product Hunt choose to build their product in public, roping in their user community. The transparency and sense of participation is crucial in building an engaged community of early adopters.We're building a service called Hello Money by actively inviting Redditors to discuss our product and submit feature requests via AMA and comments. We want to take this approach further and really opt our users in our development process.Engaging the community in development process is something that Meteor Development Group is also trying to improve, so we also hope this project can also serve as an inspiration for how Meteor can become more open and interactive. 
 Today we have hundreds of applications in Android to show the map from one place to another. The technology is becoming much more and more  sophisticated but it never show us what the condition of road is currently which mostly causes us a lot of problems. Ambulances, took patients in such hurry and they also had to take care of the patients health. A serious jump can cause a patient some severe injuries. Thinking about all of this we thought why not an application, that not only will show the map but will also describe the condition of the road. 
 The inspiration for this application came from using text to speech software that can return a somewhat intelligent reply. Once the format is set, any json used as the dictionary that the software draws from can be modified to suit anyone's needs. Therefore, while this application is a gag application, the source code can be modified such that it can be used for counselling, problem solving, or any other purpose where automated interaction would be useful.  
 IT Support team using Nagios for monitoring & Atlassian toolset for ticketing needs to keep track of Nagios incidents from Nagios Dashboard and Other helpdesk requests through Jira or Service Desk. Most of the time they rely on email notification triggers. Nagios Jira Integration help them in monitoring infra related tickets form Jira or service desk itself. 
 33 
 As thousands of organizations use both DocuSign and Confluence for business critical e-signature documents, we identified a need to create an integration between both platforms to improve approval processes. By filling a market need across a multitude of business use cases (such as companies requiring HIPAA, FDA, and SOX compliance, to name a few), DocuSign for Confluence eliminates wasted time and tightens the feedback loop of the e-signature process while ensuring compliance regulations for these users. 
 The Roomba and Pokemon Go. We wanted to combine the idea of an autonomous robot that collects trash (humans are better for this) and the fun of an augmented reality game to utilize gamification strategies in a socially beneficial manner. 
 I used Trello to track my development projects. At some point, I realized I was doing a lot of repetitive actions, and decided to look into solving it.I created a simple bot that would allow you to do a few Trello things automatically, and made an announcement in the Trello subreddit. It had a very positive reception, which made me think there was a need to be covered.But the bot wasn't integrated in Trello and it was hard to use. So I decided early on that I would write a Power-Up, but it took me a long time to figure out how to fit automation into the Trello UI. Eventually, it clicked: the Power-Up experience is all about integrating fully with the UI, and one of the most powerful capabilities that Power-Ups allow is the integration of custom buttons in the UI.So, using the experience learned on the bot, I built the Power-Up relatively quickly, and we finally launched it in June 12th this year with very good feedback. 
 So much of a team's knowledge goes into Confluence, but it can be hard to find later, especially if you didn't write the original page. We saw an opportunity to make that knowledge much more useful by building search that's super-fast and a little personalised. 
  
 As victims, bystanders and perpetrators of cyberbullying, we felt it was necessary to focus our efforts this weekend on combating an issue that impacts 1 in 5 Canadian teens. As technology continues to advance, children are being exposed to vulgarities online at a much younger age than before.  
 The difficulties that I surfaced during Citrix Automation. 
 Automation 
 Hey, have you gone on a #fridayforfuture strike? Save our planet starting from something small!Green Living, Climate Change, Calorie counting apps. 
  
  
 this  application is an insperation of  apps that alread exist with a little additions that make this one easier for users. 
 When a child surgery is taking place, parent and children anxiety has been detected as a crucial point.Giving updated information is essential to allow parents to have feedback of the status of the surgery, and usually this process takes crucial time from caregivers. Besides that, children are often scared and nervous in the anesthesiology and operation processes. 
  
  
 We have built Travel Ride bid Bot. Bidding travel ride is one of the crucial aspect in travel or cab industry. 
 We wanted to follow the theme of the jam, “Resurrection”, but we wanted to be unconventional. Respawning was the first idea, but it was also something that anybody could think of. We thought we could do better.The first ideas went towards procedural generation. Resurrect as something different every time, maybe. But that would have just been a regular rogue-like.Then we thought about the elements of the game. We brainstormed and came up with the conclusion that characters and settings are a big part of what makes a game a GOOD game.What character can we associate to resurrection? And we thought: the Phoenix! And what settings can we associate with it? An endless fly towards the sun, to be able to resurrect from its own ashes. Ockham’s Razor. It’s so simple, yet so special. Simple characters, simple game mechanics. All of it wrapped in a beautiful environment and a fly towards what cannot be reached by mortals. Modern Daedalus and Icarus. 
  
 Small business owner tired of overdue invoices and nowhere to go? Swordfish Essential is your cash flow management solution with a bit of magic. Gone are the days of endless calls trying to get hold of someone that is willing to assist you on your single account handovers.  Gone are the days of insufficient data provided at point of handover. All because of one button.Increase your cash flow and accounts receivable, proceed with your own internal collections and when you have had enough effortlessly handover these accounts and let our panel of collectors do it for you.  Interactive all-inclusive solution assisting you to build a file, tick all the legalities, increase your daily cash flow by following diligent procedure and habits that work. When enough is enough? You have a panel of experts at your fingertips eager to take on your single account handovers.  Staying on top of invoices and making sure you diligently collect on money owed to your business is not an easy task for any business owner.   The Swordfish Software team has over 12 years’ experience in the debt collection space and is the preferred application by commercial clients and has become a household name.  
 The cryptocurrency market saw a dramatic fallout throughout 2018. With Bitcoin falling from a value of $17,000 per coin in January of 2018 to around $3,500, many traders incurred losses since the start of the year.Whether you are a trader or an investor, your objective is to make money. Your secondary objective is to do so with the minimum acceptable level of risk.Now Derivatives are financial instruments that aim to increase returns and reduce risk. A Derivative is a financial instrument that derives its value from an underlying asset, in this case, cryptocurrencies. An Option is a contract that gives an investor the right — but not the obligation — to buy/sell an asset at a certain price within a certain period of time.The idea behind ETHOptions is to introduce options contracts over the blockchain, for traders to hedge against their crypto investments beyond Bitcoin. Bitcoin Options do exist, however as the market share of ERC20 tokens have grown to 91% due to the daily trading volumes and number of projects existing on the Ethereum Blockchain, Options contract for ERC20 tokens will have a huge market outreach.All the major crypto players are getting into Bitcoin derivatives. Whereas, derivatives for Ethereum based tokens is still an untouched market.We’re providing a new Crypto Asset class that can potentially have a market size of $42 Billion. 
 As Singapore is a multi-racial country with many different people of different races and religion are living in Singapore, all of us will have our different dietary needs. If we were to prepare certain food for our guests, we need to know what they prefer or what they cannot eat. Some of us are vegetarian, while some of us prefer local food. Thus we create this application to allow people to know whether the food that they are cooking will be suitable for their guests. Also, it allows people to interconnect by knowing the different type of food available around the world, with people enjoying the food cooked suited to their preferences. 
 We would like women feel safe. 
 every day we use taxis and it's so hard to find a taxi who is gouing in the same directions as us so i got this idea to solve this problem 
 TaxiGO  is an application inspired from the practices of the Moroccan drivers. And taxi drivers do not know all the address of the city, by cons, they know the majority of the interest point. 
  
 Have you ever complained about the weather in your location, had some time off booked and money to spend, but did not know where to go?If the answer is yes, then you would really do with My Perfect Weather app.Just to illustrate how the app could be used, here are some use cases:You have a child that you promised to fly a kite this week, but it's absolutely windless where you live and you don't want to break your word.You live in a windy and rainy place like I do (Edinburgh, Scotland) and want to feel warmth on your skin and definitely NO rain.You have an urge to build a snowman and you won't rest until you fulfil it.You want to go fishing, and this time, you really want to catch something.Last time, you spent 5 days looking for a place with good weather for your 3-day cycling trip and you want to make the decision faster this time. 
 At my house, a couple phrases are sure to be uttered throughout the day: “Did someone let the dog out this morning?” or “Did someone feed the dog her dinner?”Our dog, Joy, has accidentally been fed twice many times because of miscommunication between us, her caretakers. This very common problem for pet owners inspired me to develop DogLog, an app that aims to close the communication gap for families with pets. 
 Questions related to pregnancy are very common and since this subject is bounded, we had the idea to organize it as a chat bot making it easy to interact with pregnant Women. 
 Team member Alex Tran received free and reduced lunch as a young student. Although he was lucky to always had what he needed to do well as a student, he saw firsthand how important it was to have good nutrition to learn. We on Team Lunchbox want to make it easier for all people who could qualify for free and reduced lunch to apply for the the program in a way that’s simple and not intimidating so that their kids have the best opportunity to learn.  
  
  
 The 21st century ushered with it the age of smart and predictive technology with the optimum use of resources to make life easier and take preventive measures against predicted mishaps. In accordance with this trend, the proposal is an automated (SAE level 5) mode of transport using a modified Dijkstra’s algorithm with concepts of Ant Colony Optimization, big data analytics and cloud computing for number crunching to arrive at the destination based on the traffic and the number of drivers on the road, in the shortest time possible instead of the usual shortest distance algorithms. The analysis of the time saved by the drivers for different map types is recorded and compared and the results are found to be more efficient with respect to time as compared to the time taken by the original Dijkstra’s algorithm. 
  
 One early Wednesday morning, I woke up excitedly to read a new chapter on One Piece. However, there was no translated text yet. With anger, frustration, bargaining, depression, and acceptance, we decided to start this project to prevent this from happening again. 
 Ecopet is a combination of two words : economical and pet. 
  
 We've always been loyal users of TripAdvisor, Expedia, Yelp among others when we go traveling to place we have no idea about. Although this may not always be a bad thing when it comes to places like Greece and Rome, the recommendation seemed to need a huge upgrade! 
  
 This is a challenge proposed by Vodafone. According to them, 80% of the customers look for a new phone online, and already know what they want by the time they hit the stores. The only reason why the customer does not buy the phone directly from the site is that they want to get a feel for the phone, and how that compares to their current phone. 
 We're all huge fans of Guitar Hero but we're not musicians. So we created a real-time system that lets  you play any instrument and create the music you like! We made the system super intuitive and fun to play with. 
 What if you could take your IMVU avatar into the real world - have it hang out, literally, “in your hands.” What if you could take Instagram videos and photos (because it happened!) and share it to your IMVU feed? (Also, I needed live Instagram effects for another project.) 
 Many millennials struggle with managing their finances and answering important financial wellness questions regarding topics like taxes, student loans, credit and debit usage, and budgeting. As a team, we wanted to tackle a problem we all struggled with and knew many of our peers were struggling with. We wanted to provide educational information on financial well-being to players in a fun and engaging way. 
 Here is how I got the idea. I once forgot my laptop charger at the library in University. It took me 3 days to find it at the end, because there is no way to contact me, for a person who finds it. I could have written my name, mobile number and contact information on it, but it is embarrassing because every sees it. So I thought how can I solve this problem and are there any existing one. I could find that there isn't any existing solution. So I focused on it. What I need is something everybody can easily see, but cannot contact me or bug me throw it. I think it may look like a encryption problem too. I alway enjoyed compiling innovating solutions to problems, so I got a solution and here we are. 
  
  
 Ever stuck at the traffic when going to Yilan on a Friday evening or Saturday morning? Max capacity for cars to go through Hsueshan Tunnel is 2,400/hr and the average weekend car flow is 71,000 cars. There have been a wide range of discussions on how to tackle the issues from providing instant monitoring to leveraging the public transportation to reduce the total car flow. Are there any other options we can leverage to reduce some pains and time spent waiting on the road? Are there more efficient ways of managing the total car flow and optimizing the experiences of passengers in various purposes? 
 Software from nearly every single project in this hackathon is hosted all on the same open source site: GitHub. What if we could pay developers for publishing quality open source code? That's what CommitCoin does. Using cryptocurrencies and the blockchain, CommitCoin encourages open source development by paying those who decide to share their revolutionary code with the world. 
 We wanted to ensure women can be out on the streets at night with a confidence that she has her way out when a danger arises 
 The idea of the WatchTower add-on was a solution for our internal pain. Being an official Atlassian Solution Partner and Vendor, our team at Rozdoum works with multiple clients, each of them having their own JIRA and assigning tasks on us. We got tired of context switching and wanted fast and easy way to grasp the whole picture of issues from remote Cloud & Server locations in one board. We thought about developing the add-on to make our project manager’s work easier. So, here is a WatchTower - that saves time by allowing to work at one consolidated board to manipulate issues at remote JIRA instancesHere is a short how-to video Key featuresWorks on Cloud & Server, Can use Cloud and/or Server as source of issues for the boardFine tuning of pulled data based on JQLEasy mapping of issue statuses to board columnsEasy start in less than 5 minutesWork in one place - update remotely. Changes done directly in source JIRA.User Experience from Agile Boards ( columns, swimlanes, DnD)Support of custom transition screensLog work to issues in remote locations from WatchTower boardCross references between issues in different JIRA sourcesSecure and reliable control of sensitive data.Approach & FocusAt Rozdoum - we truly believe - that if you do something for yourself - you do it the best way. We followed that in other addons - we continued doing that with WatchTower. “Eat your own dog food” that’s the principle behind WatchTower. The essential requirement for WatchTower is proper handling of private data and security. Our add-on does not store any credentials for source JIRAs. On authorization it retrieves a token and uses it for further sending requests to remote JIRA instances. Challenges we ran intoSupport of all custom fields on issue transition screen. Sophisticated approach for each field type is necessary. Web items provider for cloud version of the plugin.What's next for…Board Sharing, QuickFilters, DetailedView for issueBuilt Withactive-objectsatlassian-sdkcssjavajavascriptjqueryspringspring-bootspring-dataspring-mvcspring-securityTry it outmarketplace.atlassian.commarketplace.atlassian.com      Submitted to    Atlassian Codegeist 2017    Created by  Idea, Market research, Coordination of effortsAndrey DekhtyarAndrey SurayAlexandr Matyukhin 
 There are existing Alexa apps for quiz, learning, etc. So we decided to build an app which will be used for education as well as a quiz game. Already there are mathematics and other quiz games. We decided to implement the game Rivers of the world. Here the user can ask Alexa the largest rivers in the world, its length, its location, etc. as well they can play quiz game of rivers. 
 While working with Scrum teams on a daily basis we wanted to put the fun back into agile estimation with slick, native mobile apps and a plugin for JIRA. Also, when developers join an estimation session we wanted to detach them from their laptops - to make the session more effective - while keeping the digital tech side of things - so they can certainly use their mobile phones for voting. 
 We wanted to improve the performance and efficiencies for Development Teams. We were looking to increase development performance by loading build status requests and trigger new builds, using a self-service setup. This led us to build a new Alexa Skill; We call it Build Meister. 
  
 News outlets today are quick to publish how modern AI is literally superhuman in most fields, driving systemic change in the way our societies and economies are organized. Despite its far-reaching impact, AI has never felt less accessible. It seems like somewhere in the process of beating Go, captioning our images, and driving autonomous vehicles, AI has paradoxically lost its human touch. We want to bring that connection back in a way that fosters creativity and recognizes the strengths of both man and machine. We believe that something as powerful as AI should have a soul and, most importantly, expand human souls.  We want to empower music producers, artists and enthusiasts, giving them access to an entire orchestra of artificial agents to compose, create and improvise music. Rather than using AI to replace human talent, we see this as a means to augment and supercharge existing human facilities and intuition, allowing human composers to reach creative heights that were never possible before, both through real-time improvisational cues and procedurally generated sonic compositions.  
 Playing with trains is fun. Coding with Meteor is also fun. So, why not control a toy train through the browser using Meteor?  
 Inspired by our teammate Ian's previous experience with sending text messages over an email server, we decided that it would be extremely useful to be able to do more with text messages.  In addition, it's often necessary to manage a server on the go, and given that text messages don't require a Wi-Fi connection, they're the perfect way to make sure that we could have access to our server 24/7. 
 Learning to use LaTeX is unnecessarily cumbersome, but it is still considered the de facto standard for publishing in many science, math, and engineering disciplines. Most LaTeX users either learn to write raw LaTeX code or use clunky GUI interfaces. TeXscribe aims to optimize the workflow of writing about math. 
 We wanted to change the way video games were played by exploring a new medium. We believe this is a unique solution to eye-strain for programmers and frequent computer users, and a unique story-telling method. 
 Google not so recently started replacing their reCAPTCHA system with pictures instead of text. Sometimes the images are harder to read than the old text based system, so why not use image recognition to 'bypass' it? 
  
 The AI-909 is inspired by the idea of training a computer to write music by learning from examples from a human operator. 
  
 We used to play simple strategy games like Advance Wars and thought: We can do this ourselves! 
 Drinking water is becoming a very limited resource. Drought is one problem that some people are facing everyday and although it may not affect us today, it can do someday. Prevention is one of the keys to succeed when the problem arises and wanting to create something to help people, even if it only raises its awareness about the real problem, would be a great way to put my bit in helping society. The main idea would be to create a personal water footprint which we can check, share and improve. 
 A recent visit to the museum, there were a lot of ancient manuscripts which were written in ancient languages which are known to limited peoples only. They might have very useful and interesting information. To decode them into known languages a long manual process is required. 
 I love snowboarding and wanted to build something that would help me in planning snow trips to Tahoe. I wrote in a little more detail about why I built Slope Ninja here. 
  
 Every year, millions of people suffer from concussions without even realizing it. We wanted to tackle this problem by offering a simple solution that could be used by everyone to offer these people proper care.  
  
 Through my consulting practice, Limbr, I help software and marketing teams become more efficient and more effective through the application of lean and agile methods. I implement the Atlassian Cloud stack (JIRA Software, Tempo Timesheets, Confluence, BitBucket, HipChat) for each of my clients, customized with a set of battle-tested conventions and configurations that I've honed over the last 5 years. While the setup works well overall, I have always found that the reporting capabilities left a little to be desired - far too frequently, a client asks me "how do I find out... ", and my best answer has been "run such and such JQL query, export the data to Excel, and manipulate the spreadsheet this way and that way". This works, but presents a real hassle for users for simple ad-hoc reporting needs.For example, say I want to know the average velocity of one of my Scrum teams over the past eight sprints. I could either run the Velocity Report included in JIRA Software and break out my calculator to manually sum and average the shipped Story Points, or I could run a JQL query to filter for the relevant issues, export to CSV, and add aggregation functions to the spreadsheet. Furthermore, I want to calculate this figure before every sprint planning session in order to inform the team's commitment for the upcoming sprint. What a pain!I thought there must be a better way, and searched for viable solutions in the Marketplace. Unfortunately, while there were several reporting and business intelligence add-ons available for JIRA Cloud, they were all predicated on exporting JIRA data to an external BI tool. These tools are no doubt powerful, however needing to leave JIRA to perform basic segmentation or aggregation was exactly what I wanted to avoid. Additionally, I needed a solution that was both accessible and intuitive to grasp for a wide range of JIRA users, which was at odds with the requirement of buying and learning a sophisticated external tool.Thus, Limbr Reports for JIRA Cloud was born.  
  
 Dans le cadre du Hackatown organisé par LassondeHacks, nous avons eu 24 heures pour créer un projet basé sur le concept de ville connecté. Nous avons décidé de créer un site encourageant l'engagement du citoyen dans sa municipalité. 
 Tandem was built by a team of people obsessed with solving big problems in healthcare.  We were first inspired to tackle the problem of inefficient internal hospital communications last spring, when researching how existing communications systems lead to high patient length of stay, ambulance diversion, left-without-being-seen patients, and other key KPI's.  To get to the root of the problem, we partnered up with Dr. Alex Mohseni, the Chief Innovation Officer of Emergency Medicine Associates, spent over 100 hours over the summer observing, shadowing, and interviewing staff in every role in a hospital at Doctor's Community Hospital in Maryland.  At the end of the summer the Managing Director of that hospital joined our team as an advising partner and we designed a solution to the problem of inefficient internal hospital communications (starting with ER and ancillary departments) in partnership with our advisors and numerous clinicians. Shortly later DCH and our advising partner Puneet committed to pilot our solution. 
  
 Conference & meetup organizers usually have a hard time when it comes to tooling,having a platform that does it all started to feel like a dream,conf.io comes to solve exactly that, using nothing but open source software. 
  
 Our inspiration is from another application like SmartCity which is that application has been work in any city on Indonesia. Ayo Banyuwangi will give information about Banyuwangi tourism, art events, crafts, culinary, arts and culture. Ayo Banyuwangi will be provide geographic information in a map to make it easier for tourists to reach the destination. We focus on  how tourist can be more interested and know about Banyuwangi culture, art event or their culinary. Then they can get to destinations easly using our maps that we have provided which is by applying Google Maps API. 
 IT folks are usually occupied and overloaded with development & QA work. Thus they tend to miss on updating their daily progress & status of task they worked on. Such miss in updates create big risk for software project and may lead to problems like lack of traceability & delivery slippage. This can eventually result in loss of business. 
  
 Opportunity to join an amazing company and a huge opportunity for an unique life experience, gaining knowledge and personal and professional growth. And an opportunity to challenge ourselves and acknowledge our limitations. 
 I love building games, I love to bring excitement to people and I want people to be entertained! 
 Daniel used to take a picture every single day and save it to his Snapchat memories. After a couple months he was disappointed that he couldn't export them easily. We knew there were already apps that did this, but we wanted something where our group of friends could all post to the same calendar 
 With the ever growing danger of distracted driving related incidents, our goal was to increase safety for motorcyclists and prevent dangerous accidents, while still maintaining a good user experience. 
  
 Whether it's an entirely different country or a town right next door, travelling according to well-known "popular"destinations isn't often indicitive of the culture and the rich history behind that location. I've been to Niagara Falls no less than 7 times so far; however, the only experience that I remember from those 7 is the time when I went with a mutual friend who is a native of Niagara Falls. He offered me different vantage points that truly made this 7th trip to Niagara Falls the most memorable. Why not make your first trip just as memorable? 
 Networks and Hacks 
  
 HootChat is a messaging chat application inspired by Hootsuite apps. 
  
  
 PyEmbeo(Graphs embeddings for Neo4j in Python)Graphs databases are a powerful way to represent real world data in a simple and intuitive manner They can effectively capture inherent relationships within the data and provide meaningful insights that cannot be obtained using traditional relational databases. WHAT ARE GRAPH EMBEDDINGS?Machine Learning on graph data has been the talk of the town for quite a while now. With the advantage of using graphs being quite evident; applying machine learning algorithms on graphs can be used for tasks such as graph analysis, link prediction, clustering etc.Graph Embeddings are a way to encode the graph data as vectors that can effectively capture the structural information, such as the graph topology and the node to node relationships in the graph database. These embeddings can then be ingested by ML algorithms for performing various tasksHOW CAN GRAPH EMBEDDINGS BE USED?Graph embeddings can be used to perform various tasks including machine learning tasks.For example, embeddings of two nodes can be used to determine if a relationship can exist between them. Or, given a particular node and a relation, embeddings can be used to find similar nodes and rank them using similarity search algortihmsCommon applications include  knowledge graph completion and drug discovery where new relations can be dicovered between two nodes. Link prediction and  Recommendation systems in cases such as social networks analysis where potential new friendships can be found.PyEmbeoPyEmbeo is a project in python that creates graph embeddings for a Neo4j graph database.Just pass the link to a neo4j graph database from  a commnad line interface, wait for sometime till the embeddings train and you're good to go.The obtained embeddings can be then used to perform other tasks such as similarity search, scoring or ranking. (Note: currently the similarity search task has been implemented, other tasks are still in development)What's next?The next immediate action would be to package the project as a conda/pip package.Adding more tasks like relationship ranking/scoring is definitely a top priority.And much more...Built Withneo4jpythonTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    Global GraphHack    Created by  Just a little attempt to bring the power of graphs and machine learning togetherVedashree PatilNikhil AkkiArun Kutty 
 Recently more people are using Video chat apps such as Snapchat and Snow. However most functions such as filter and games were used more personally and lacked the concept of communicating. The fun of Video chat is that you can show your emotion at the moment and music is a powerful content to build a win-win connection between artists' creativity and general users' everyday life as if 'Instagram Music Sticker' has done since May 2018. (https://techcrunch.com/2018/06/28/instagram-stories-music/)Facebook already has dominant active users in social media market. Especially, WhatsApp and Messenger are the first and second globally popular mobile messenger apps, so a multi-play experience can intrigue more engagement from users and communities. Our team thought if people could play with their faces and make something in harmony as a band, it would be much more fun. 
 Every day in Mexico City a lot of traffic and contamination is generated when kids are leaving school; this is caused because in almost all the schools, they call the kids when their parents are a few steps from the school door, or right in front of it. This problems can be solved if the schools could prepare the kids and keep them near the exit door before their parents arrival. If every school starts using Pick@School, we would take care of our planet, reducing: contamination, traffic, delivery times, noise; having a better coexistance, and the possibility to have more time with our kids. 
 TraceIT is a Traceability Solution to ensure food safety  
 Working smarter not harder.Nurses are vital to healthcare but their logistics can deflate their reach to large groups of patients. We want to optimize how nurses are allocated to patients to not only reach more of those who need help but to also give nurses a more time-efficient way of doing so. 
  
 After working in a several JIRA Service Desk projects, our customers asked us to provide SLA information at the customer portal. With this add-on we want to turn customers into power customers. 
  
  
 "The Chosen One" - Animator vs Animation is an original YouTube video that went viral for animating a stickman that turned "intelligent". With today's level of multi-agent reinforcement learning such as OpenAI's multi-agent Hide and Seek, I believed that current technology is sufficient to develop intelligent behaviour.Introduction Video - Animator vs Animation by Alan Beckerhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=npTC6b5-yvM&t=60s 
  
  
 People are either too busy or bored in Singapore. To tackle the problem of people not having things to do but constantly pulling down the screen on facebook, we decided to make a site for people to post interesting things in Singapore. Sort of like a pseudo stomp with less bullshit and more hipster and random stuff for entertainment.Also, google searching for what to do when you're bored in Singapore would return a bunch of cliches. We aim to be the hipster branch of the press, believing that no computer generated algorithm will be able to look into what will be the hip thing tomorrow. 
 Inspired by the inevitability of fossil fuel supply, our group was motivated to seek a alternative form of electricity and transportation that would remain relevant and innovative in the next century of scientific study. 
 The environment in today's world is getting degraded. Lots of pollutants are there and many epidemics and disasters are also there. All these things are affecting the life of people drastically. Developing a solution to combat this problem and making life of people better became my inspiration. 
 A burning desire to have a personal playlist with the favourite songs. 
 A fellow founder from the Belgian startup community asked me for help with his Context.IO Apps challenge submission. He is not a developer but he is an amazing hustler, so I decided to help him. From my own experience I know how hard it can be for a non-technical startup founder. That is why with my colleagues we built a Graphical UI for Context.IO in Drupal to help anyone who can click their way through a configuration screen make their own email applications.Potential impactThere are just under a 100 thousand users actively contributing to the Drupal project. With the Context.IO module it is now really easy for them to create email applications. We expect that the open sourced Context.IO module will have some or all of the following impact:Some of the sites that currently use Mailhandler will switch over to Context.IOSome of Drupal's 502 distributions (e.g. ticketing packages) will start including the Context.IO module into their downloadable packageSite builders will start using the Context.IO module in their new projectsAdministrators will develop email applications for their organisationsWhen you choose our submission for the competition you give us the funding to further promote it in the community.  
 You will agree with me that we all have been disappointed by an artisan before, be it they waste our time or toy with our emotions, giving promises that will take them eternity to deliver when we need instant result. Coupled with the high unemployment rate in the country, we want to build a workforce and a system that will strategically reduce the unemployment rate, bring more prestige to blue collar jobs and address the level of competency for the workplace thereby solving,UnemploymentIncompetence in the service spaceTime managementAccess to Cheap labourPoor Customer Service and supportAccess to Professional and reliable Artisans and workers  
  
 Throughout history, we've invented better and better ways of interfacing with machines. The mouse, the VirtualBoy, the nub mouse thing on ThinkPads. But we weren't satisfied with the current state of input devices. As computers become more and more personal and more and more a part of our daily lives, we need better, more efficient ways of interacting with them. One of the biggest inefficiencies in modern desktop computing is moving your hands from the keyboard to the track pad. So we got rid of that. Yup. Really.Introducing asdfghjkl , a revolution in computer-human interface design patterns, by team "Keyboard as Trackpad".http://asdfghjkl.co 
 The idea for sizeOf came about when Davis saw how much data his DSLR camera gave for his pictures. Using some simple trig we are able to deduce the size of real life object using nothing but the data from the camera and computation. How it worksWith only a picture and some information about the camera and lens, we are able to calculate the approximate real height and width of an object in focus.  Simply point the camera at an object, tap to focus, and drag a crop box around the object of interest to get the real size of that object, in meters.The math is derived from lens formulae and some simple trigonometry.  Challenges I ran intoEvery camera is different, and almost every variable is non-linear.  This makes creating solutions difficult.  Accomplishments that I'm proud ofWe were able to get sub-centimeter accuracy in the .1m to .5m focal range, and +/- 10cm accuracy at medium to long ranges.  On an SLR, +/- 1cm accuracy was possible on .5m to 3m range.What I learnedAdam tried Android development for the first time, and was very successful. What's next for sizeOfWe're looking to create calibration curves for more cameras and eventually package the software into an easy to use open-source API for others to implement.  Prizes We're Seeking:-Best Design-Best mobile hack-EMC Innovation Award-Coolest Hack W/ Least Storage-Best Android hackBuilt Withandroidcgitiosjavaobjective-cpythonTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    BrickHackWinner                Best Design                  Created by  iOS PortionNicholas PerettiAndroid App & Python Number CruncherAdam WalshSoftware Engineer / Open Source HackerCreated the initial design and derived a method to find distance, and then calculate object size.Davis FosterHardware @ Antumbra.  Software sometimes. 
  
 In our team, we have been using Excel for years. At some point we decided to share our know-hows. That is how XLTools add-in was born. Initially we created it as a VSTO-based add-in written in C#. The product became very successful. So far, XLTools has been downloaded 167,000 times and installed on 45,000 unique PCs across 146 countries.However, VSTO work only on Windows. That is why we were so exited when new the cross-platform JavaScript API appeared. We implemented a subset of the most successful tools from our VSTO add-in and made them cross-platform and mobile friendly. But JavaScript API 1.0 had some limitations:VSTO add-in had a custom tab in the ribbon UI, while the new apps were "hidden" on the "Insert" tabThere was no way to build  single suite of tools, same as we had built with VSTOWith the JavaScript API 1.1 it all changed. We were very excited with the possibility to create custom tabs and add-in commands for the Excel ribbon UI as well as the ability for central deployment. We decided to build XLTools Suite - an app that bundled all our tools into a single tab. 
 We wanted to make it easy for JIRA customers to automate their teams' processes.  Current solutions all require deep knowledge of JIRA's APIs or some developer skills to write scripts.  Not all JIRA admins have those skills nor do they want to spend time learning them. Our inspiration was to provide a simple, yet incredibly powerful user experience that hides all the complexity from the user.  We also want to make it easier to integrate JIRA with third party systems. 
  
 AgriWave: We're here to deliver a product that connects the agricultural and data digital world using core technologies in modeling and data analytics to enable a variety of consumers to improve productivity, quality, safety, and sustainability. The agricultural industry is valued at $1.3 trillion USD annually, we can work to foster greater agricultural trade with the increase in population and demand for food to come. 
 Almost everyone in this planet has a smartphone in the pocket, and almost everyone has played a mobile game at least once, in consequence games became part of our everyday life. Education specialist have recognized the addictiveness of games and took advantage of the technology to inspire the creation educational games, also known as serious games, which engage and motivate students in the learning process while having fun doing it. As a results student concentration was achieved and the learning outcome was impressively improved. These results has inspired us to take this technology to the next level and make the interaction between students and machine more engaging and human-like. What it DoesCreate a solution that will allow interacting with a game using the natural language instead of keyboard buttons, joysticks or touchscreen. How we Built itThe first phase, we created a very simple game that interact with virtual characters using ChatBot text input. We integrated Ciscospark bot, NLP and used Unity 3D as a game engine. Accomplishment we’re proud ofWe created game that interact with games using the natural language.What’s next for V-ControlThe second phase, we will replace the simple game with an educational game that will also track the user’s learning outcome.The third phase will be using speech recognition instead of text. where the Gamer/student could interact with game objects using voice only.Built Withbody-parserbotkitciscosparkclientexpress.jsnode.jsunitywit.aiTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    Cisco Spark the Industry Challenge    Created by  Working on the NLP side.Youssef BoulidComputer scientistwalid mestadiResearch interests include learning, serious games, software architecture and AIAbderrahman WagagMoustafa Ouagague 
  
 Imagine that you’re programming in the middle of the night, you’re frustrated because the deadline is tomorrow and your teammates are not doing their part. You want to find someone who you can talk to, but not your friends because you think that they won’t understand. With Empathy Match, we will find you someone that CAN understand instantly. It helps you save time from explaining, makes you feel better, and you can dive straight back into work after a good chat.This sounds like another dating app, but it is not. This does not categorize you by gender, race or looks. Instead, it is about finding someone that truly understands you.  
  
 With every second that passes, each and every developer's job is on the line and guess what makes it even more worse for the poor souls "BOSS, BUGS AND FEATURES". In a case where every second counts the developer community is hours and days away on platforms like "Stackoverflow". At the same time the loveria between a developer and his macbook has become so strong that he does not have enough time to socialize with feeble creatures like humans.  
  
 Étant un groupe d'étudiants dans une ville aussi active que Montréal, il nous est souvent arrivé de nous retrouver dehors, tard le soir, sans plus aucun métros en circulation. Le moyen le plus économique, pour de modestes étudiants est donc le réseau de nuit de la STM (Société des Transports de Montréal). Malheureusement les arrêts desservis par ce réseau spécial sont très irréguliers, et il nous est souvent arriver d'attendre plus de 30min, dans le froid, en pleine nuit, à un arrêt. C'est de cette souffrance qu'est née notre idée de Nimbus.Nimbus, qu'est-ce que c'est?Nimbus c'est une flotte de véhicules au concept novateur, en effet, au lieu d'avoir des trajets fixes comme il se fait actuellement, la flotte de véhicule Nimbus se dispatchent de manière synchrone en prenant des trajets non fixés préalablement mais qui dépendent de la demande des utilisateurs. Les trajets sont recalculés en temps réel en permanence pour offrir une trajectoire en tout temps optimale, limitant ainsi le temps d'attentes des usagers! Comment l'a-t-on fait?Pour mettre sur pieds Nimbus, nous avons mis au point une web app qui sert de vitrine pour le system de monitoring de la flotte. Nous avons programmé tout le back-end en Python à l'aide du framework Django, pour la partie front-end, Javascript/ReactJS ont su faire le boulot pour le niveau de dynamisme dont nous avions besoin.Nos defisOn a dû attaquer le fameux « travelling salesman problem » pour trouver les trajectoires les plus efficaces incluant les points d’embarquement et de descente. Cet algorithme, grand classique de sa catégorie nous a causé bien du fil à retordre, tant bien même que nous nous sommes, après plusieurs heures à essayer d'implémenter notre prople solution, résolu à passer par un API qui nous a permi de faire abstraction des notions de maths poussés conduisant à sa résolution. Ainsi, nous avons pu nous consacrer à d'autres problématiques que l'API ne prenait pas en compte et dont nous avons dû construire le business logic pour mener à bien notre projet. Nos accomplissementsOn est extrêmement fiers du résultat final! On a finalisé une web app capable de calculer la meilleure trajectoire en fonction des besoins de tous les passagers en recevant les coordonnées GPS du passager ainsi que de sa destination comme input.L'experience qu'on en a tiréEn n'ayant que 24h à travailler sur un problème aussi ambitieux on a surtout appris à gérer notre temps en fonction de nos priorités (et oui, on a appliqué l'algorithme d'optimisation sur nous même finalement). En effet, notre idée de base était beaucoup plus vaste et comportait beaucoup plus de fonctionnalités, mais faute de temps, nous avons dû éliminer celles qui ne nous aurait pas forcément bénéficier sur le court-terme. Et pour aprèsNimbus a le potentiel d’améliorer la qualité de service offert par la société de transport de Montréal d’une manière significative. Après avoir introduit leur passagers à ce système pour les autobus de nuits, la STM pourrait proposer ce type de service pour tous les autobus en dehors des heures de pointe, ce qui leur permettra de fournir un service de meilleure qualité tout en étant efficaces et économiques.Built Withamazon-web-servicesapihtml5javascriptnginxpythonreacttspTry it outwww.github.com      Submitted to    Hackatown    Created by  Kevyn Bele-BindaMohamed CoulibaliIon Banaru 
  
 Have you ever felt awkward and embarrassed in a foreign food restaurant, because you do not understand the menu? Menuer is designed to help people make orders in restaurants with entree names that are not familiar to them.Nothing would better explain the food than a top-ranked image search result of the entree name using Microsoft Bing Image Search. 
 With the onset of machine learning capabilities, it's become easier and easier to train machines to detect minute and subtle changes.  Recognizing a human face, for one, is something all of us are good at in varying degrees.  However, recognizing and memorizing hundreds and thousands of faces in order to see if a missing person is found or if rescued people found under a collapsed building are related to anyone searching for them is very hard if not, near impossible.  We thought that it would make sense to allow technology to step up and help out with reconnecting people to their loved ones. 
 This addin prevents you from making silly but disastrous email mistakes. 
  
 Selon une étude du MIT, 90% des employés décident s'ils veulent rester dans une entreprise au cours des 6 premiers mois.Le coût de la perte d'un employé dans la première année est de 3 fois son salaire.Qu'est-ce que ça fait?Snö offre un procéssus d'intégration efficace permettant de rapidement bâtir des liens solides entre les employés et aider les nouveaux employés à contribuer rapidement et ainsi se sentir valoriser dans l'entreprise.Le futur?Calculer le onboarding score des entreprises.Devenir la référence du onboarding en entreprise.Les défis?C'est notre premier bot Slack! Créer un bot en 24 heures, c'est difficile et très demandant!Faire un bon pitch, c'est difficile!If you want to know more about Snö, here's the slides that we used for our pitch to the judges!Built Withbotkitnode.jsslackTry it outsno.blob.core.windows.net      Submitted to    #SlackathonMTL    Created by  Patrick LafranceEric RouthierDavid Létourneau-Gouin 
 To improve Quality of Life (QOL).and to help all pilgrims to identify the evacuation areas easier, faster, and safer. 
  
 Growing up as child with little or no experience with computer and also finding yourself in a polytechnic where tech guys rule and those who have no knowledge or bad at programming are not really valued. My name is Olabode Oyinkansola Abdul Qudus  i started programming with paper and pen using red pen to mark my error, black for keywords and blue for the other part. I finally got a system during my second semester as a first year student of the institution and took it has a task to help other student who have no system by helping them with practicals and assignment although this later turn to business and a team named UnifyConcept emerge to help making innovation simple with little or no cost. My team and i really think we can make a difference but no opportunity showed up nor sponsorship until now when we have an avenue to do what we do best. I came across a link telling me about NaijaHacks on a dev whatsapp group so i informed my guys about it of which we plan on working on a project called Steganography  but we asked ourselves questions how does Steganography affect or solve a problem in Nigeria? of which the answers we have are not genuine enough. A team mate who happens to be a much more concentrated Yoruba boy more than i do by the name Akinwunmi Oladele said what if we teach people our language and let them see the beauty of our culture through our language.The problem of language teaching and language use is a global one. Several studies have been carried out and several attempts have been made by individuals, government agents and other stakes holders in the education sector with several policies formulated, all in an effort to address the problems militating against effective language teaching and language use in our schools, with the aim of bringing an improvement to the much important phenomenon of which none as being done until now.  
  
  
 "Employment is often considered an important indicator for immigrant integration. Entering the labour market has great significance for people moving to Finland, but also for the Finnish society and, at local level, for the municipality.Acquiring and retaining work enables immigrants to earn an income and stabilise their economic situation. It also helps them take their place in the community and the new home country: to learn the language and cultural practices, to understand how the municipality and Finnish society work, as well as how to build social relationships and networks." (http://www.kvartti.fi/en/articles/immigrants-and-employment-helsinki)."less unemployed people there are, more wellbeing there is in the world." (track challenge)So we decided to build an app that helps recent immigrants land to a suitable job in their new home. 
 We mostly got inspired from our journey taking cabs in Casablanca and how difficult, costly and frustrating it may be, we tried to memorize as much memories as we can and write down each type of difficulty we had, then we moved on to actually doing some brainstorming to put ideas and features together, so we took a look at some well known apps on the market and we tried to understand the importance of each feature they put and how they put it, then we finished by having some chit chat with taxi drivers to get as much insights as possible to really build an app that can benefit them in a daily basis as well. 
 Boredom 
 User access management is a tedious task to perform when handled in large quantities. Also, the time taken to provide access to them is huge when it comes to sharepoint. 
 As hackers, makers and tinkerers we are always excited to build exciting new projects. And now with the advent of the world of IoT devices it has never been easier or more accessible to start such a project. However we don't all have the knowledge, experience or even desire to spend time and effort on building dashboards and tools to interact with our IoT devices, sensors and other hardware. So we wanted to provide a way for any IoT project to get set up with a quick web/mobile visualisation as easily as possible. 
 Current methods for tracking recovery progress in nerve and muscle related issues are insufficient, lack detail and are unquantifiable. 
  
 Increased cases of depression and raise in suicide rate caused by cyber bullying. 
 Every modern web page must have a chat dialog to ensure visitors can get their questions answered in real time. A lot of solutions exists for this, but to my knowledge none that leverages Microsoft Teams as the backend support interface. That is a shame as Microsoft Teams is a great product that should also support this. The project is still in beta, but fully working solution that you can install in your own web site and Microsoft Teams.  
 Investing is an art, not a science. In global money flow markets dictated by growth and value investing, individuals often look at a myriad of non-financial news updates beyond financial analytics of a company on issues including management, innovation, and expansion to guide decision-making. But, not all investors have the same principles or styles even when looking at similar firms: thus, while generic updates can be found by the Google Engine or NASDAQ, there exists a deep information asymmetry since it is difficult to find tailored relevant news that truly affect a specific individual's cognitive processes. Thus, we were inspired to build a full-stack application that displays news reports to an investor and which, based on user feedback (relevant/not relevant), continuously 'learns' investor's style to better present relevant articles about a firm to aid investing activities. 
 Living a sustainable lifestyle can be super easy - just start with the simplest things! But many of our fellow students have not realized how and how much they can contribute to the environment. That's why we designed this game to help students explore different ways to save energies and to help our UW-Madison campus to become a more lovely one. 
  
 Inspired by Straight Talk's content and tons of articles from industry leaders.Arising Communication Gap between the employees ,employers and C-position holders. 
 The bicycle is a clean means of transport. In some countries, the people are scared to use a bicycle because they feel alone, I want to help them to create a community.Benefits of Bicycling:You’ll protect the climate and environment. It’ll save you a ton of money. It’s good for your health!You can skip the traffic headache. THE BICYCLING COMMUNITY. 
  
 Loneliness is something everyone feels, but chronic isolation is something completely different, it can lead to a plethora of mental health problems and even suicide. Roughly 50% of refugees experience this and they struggle to feel welcomed and a part of a community for a long time.GoalsThe problem we’re addressing is the tendency for refugees to feel disconnected and isolated due to being in a completely foreign environment. Our app, FriendFugees, tackles this issue by connecting people with the time, skills and companionship to give to those who need it.Our app aims to turn language from a barrier into a connection, from foreign to familiar and from isolation to a supportive community.How it worksUsing the Friendfugees App, Refugees can connect with people who speak their language, allowing them to form friendships and build a support network with people in their community.Try it outwww.justinmind.com      Submitted to    Techfugees MelbourneWinner                2nd Runner-Up prizes                  Created by  I was the UI/UX specialist on the team and worked mostly on creating and finalizing our prototype.Suzan MajeedWorked on idea generation, offered feedback and developed the pitch.Jacqueline SaykaoStudying 'Science Advanced - Global Challenges'. Designer & Idea Generator. Passionate about social justice.Farhan RahmanDaniel MackoAhmad FaridAlex Dobrovansky 
  
 To apply models to real-world data 
  
 One of the holy grails of creating connected, supportive communities is figuring out how to drive members to contribute their unique skills to help each other in real life. Connecting members is hard and usually done manually, relying heavily on admin memory and availability. Automating this process can exponentially increase the amount of connections per group. 
 Ever since we were young children, we wanted to explore the universe as we both had a common passion for space and astronomy. Originally, we thought of creating a voice driven skill that took advantage of Amazon’s Alexa Voice Service that told stories to children. However, we realized there were two essential flaws with this idea. The first was that stories required little to no user interaction and we really wanted to harness the potential of using voice with Amazon Alexa. The second main flaw was that as humans, we are better visual learners than we are auditory (nearly 7 times more)!  To solve this, we created a dynamic augmented reality experience that immerses children in a new environment and helps them learn about the solar system and satisfy their curiosity. 
 The planet, as a global community, needs people working together as allies to create forward progress. It is in this shared togetherness that I want to create a tool(s) of empowerment that helps users make informed choices.Simply being gay doesn’t automatically make someone aware of their rights in countries they travel. Allies often learn something later and say, “I had no idea, if I had known I would have made a different decision.” It is exactly these kinds of reactions that made me realize I want to find ways to activate awareness and allyship from within our global community.  It is both the LGBTIQ person and the well-intentioned ally who need easily distributable tools of empowerment to help them make choices that are right for them. In targeting both groups simultaneously I want to support our global community in becoming a Planet of Allies.As a social media activist and specialist, I have instinctively started to crowd source this idea and have created a Global Advisory team, made up of amazing thought leaders and activists to help me best work through the labyrinth of opportunities and challenges as we embark on this journey. 
 Research has shown that increasingly, people do not see the doctor due to downplaying the severity of it, or being too embarrassed to. For example, 65% of UK men cite the above reasons for not wanting to visit the doctor. Skinalytics aims to address this. 
 Did you ever wish you could monetize your terminal? We didn't. But now you can! 
  
  
 Depression affects millions of people everyday in our world and we want to do something to change that. How it worksPositivity Pack is a small package designed to brighten someone's day or cheer them up when they're down. You can purchase the packs through our site and send them anywhere in the world.ChallengesI ran into Our website was hacked numerous times, stock never arrived on time, shipping costs became and expensive challenge and building a following on social media. Accomplishments that I'm proud ofWe reached almost a thousand followers on Twitter and a hundred likes on Facebook. We've received messages from all over the world from people requesting the packs. The site won a Junior Spider Web Design award for Best Concept. What I learnedI learned about the alarming statistics for suicide and depression rates in the UK. I learned how to run a business and manage finances. I learnt about finding the best place to purchase stock and how to decipher which sites are the best. What's next for Positivity PackWe hope to receive money for better stock and pre printed packaging. We also hope to develop our website into a hub for happiness where users can relax with fun features and a great experience. Built Withamazoncss3ebayexcelfacebookimovieinternetiosipodkeynotementalhealth.orgphotoshoppowerpointsnapchattumblrtwitterwikipediawordpressTry it outwww.positivitypack.comli.comtwitter.comwww.facebook.com1drv.ms      Submitted to    Outbox Incubator Demo DayWinner                Finest Pitch (Highly Commended)                  Created by  Christine Costello 
 Free Feet treats gait freezing, a symptom which affects approximately 72% of people with Parkinson's. Every hour, someone in the UK is diagnosed with Parkinson's disease, showing just how large the scale of the problem I'm trying to treat is. The inspiration behind Free Feet came from when I was discussing treatments for Parkinson's patients, at  the kitchen table, with my brother, who is a movement disorders (Parkinson's) nurse. He said that there weren't many treatments available for gait freezing, so I decided to see what I could do to help. This is where the idea of Free Feet was born. I also have an emotional connection to Parkinson's as I have a neighbour who sufferers from the illness, so I knew the impact that both gait freezing, and Parkinson's can have on quality of life. This really inspired me to pursue and develop my idea, as there is no known cure for Parkinson's, finding new ways of treating it is really important.How it worksFree Feet treats gait freezing in Parkinson's Disease. It is a laser device attached to the side of a shoe which is designed to help reduce gait freezing for Parkinson's sufferers. Gait freezing is a very common symptom which affects approximately 72% of people with Parkinson's, it is a shuffling movement in the legs and feet. The laser places a red dot on the ground in front of the user. This then changes the users walking from being automatic to non-automatic. This is really important, as in Parkinson's, there is a deficiency in the neurotransmitter (chemical) dopamine. Dopamine is responsible for movement and muscular action, so when there's a deficiency in dopamine, reduced mobility also occurs. However, the midbrain is more severely affected than the frontal lobes. Free Feet works by enabling the user to change their walking from being automatic to non-automatic, when they focus on the dot. This is really important, as it means that the user employs the frontal lobes instead of the midbrain, meaning there is more dopamine available to them, and therefore more ability for movement to occur, thus decreasing the severity of the gait freezing episode. Small scale clinical trials, which we have carried out in collaboration with the Galway Parkinson's Association have shown very positive results, with an approximate decrease in freezing severity of 40%.Challenges I ran intoI have faced many challenges in the development of Free Feet, as being a young woman in STEM, I have always been in the minority of my peer group. I have faced the challenge of overcoming the barrier of youth, as in professional situations, such as networking events, it is hard to ensure that you and your ideas are taken seriously and that your work is appreciated for its full value. An example of this I like to share is a networking event which I attended recently, and because of my age, I was asked if I was looking for one of my parents. I thought that this was certainly a situation in which I was not being taken seriously, and overcame that challenge by explaining my presence and work. I have also faced the challenge of balancing my work and school life, whilst working on the development of Free Feet, I have completed the A-Level equivalent exams (Irish Leaving Certificate) and earned my first choice course in University (Biotechnology). I thought that this was quite a challenge, as I had to balance my time and resources very carefully, but it worked out for the better in the end!I also faced the challenge of learning the technical skills necessary to build the prototype of the device. Free Feet is a device which I built myself, at my kitchen table. In order to do this I needed to learn electronics, soldering and stitching skills, and they were quite the challenge to master!Accomplishments that I'm proud ofI'm very proud that I have successfully trialled a medical device which I created at my kitchen table, and have found that it could help reduce the severity of gait freezing by such a vast percentage.I'm really proud, that against the odds, and people telling me that it would not be possible, I've kept making progress with the commercialisation of my device. I'm very proud that I have recieved the backing of my national medical device association, the IMDA, and that they believed in me and my abilities enough to invest in my personal development.I'm also really proud that developing my device now means, that I have, at my fingertips, the potential to help millions of people around the world suffering from Parkinson's disease. I think that it is really fantastic to be able to reach out and help others through technology, and I'm immensely proud of what I have achieved thus far. I'm really proud of getting into the outbox incubator, its something that I never thought would have been possible for me to achieve, and I'm just delighted.I was really proud to get the opportunity to present Free Feet to our national minister for health, and to learn that he was very impressed with it was fantastic, he said that he hopes to see it in use in the very near future.What I learnedI learnt a lot about how a company works and how to properly forecast financial expenditure. I also learnt more about brand image and how to appropriatly convert that to the consumer. This has led to me being much more conscious regards the logo aand web presence of the business.What's next for Free FeetFree Feet now needs funds in order to be able to reach its full potential. This involves raising finance in order to cover the day to day running costs of the business in the immediate future, as well as funds to cover the cost of a clinical trial and product R&D.Built Withbatterybattery-holderfabriclaser-diodeshoeshrink-wrapsoldertilt-switchwireTry it outfreefeet.euwww.facebook.comtwitter.com      Submitted to    Outbox Incubator Demo DayWinner                Best use of STEM              Winner                Outstanding Design (Highly Commended)              Winner                People's Choice (runner up)                  Created by  Edel Browne 
 When art critics question Pablo Picasso's cubism style,  Picasso answers "Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once we grow up." Those noble artists in the history not only have left us mind blowing masterpieces but also presented us the freedom of expressing themselves. When we are creating MONA, we hope to build a bridge between those great artists and every one in our normal life. Reliving those artists' style in people's every day photos, we want to tell our users that every moment in your life is a pretty perishable and you are the artist of your life.  
 We built a similar project for the Exploratorium of SF but not with the HTM. We learned from the Exploratorium exhibit that neurofeedback is going to be key for a good user experience in this project. And of course a quality classifier for the temporal data :-)Built WithcloudbrainnupicopenbcipythonTry it outgithub.comcloudbrain.rocks      Submitted to    Numenta HTM Challenge    Created by  Training/UXWilliam WnekowiczPrincipal Engineer @ Kleiner Perkins, Maker, and Private PilotMarion Le BorgnePierre KarashchukAlessio Della MottaJohn Naulty 
  
 After a conversation about how to create a better way to conduct discussions online centered around transportation issues, something beyond a forum where information is shared in real time and associated with geographical data, something that could produce reports about what issues concern people, and be central and scalable enough to be applied in any transportation network, we came up with Mobility Map!How it worksPeople sign in using Facebook or Twitter, make their way to the form, and start posting "Hints" about transportation around the map. Categories help them narrow down the purpose of the hint and allow others to easily search the map for relevant discussions.Challenges I ran intoUsing Shareabouts, Wilson and I have discovered the woes of hacking into a platform that uses many levels of abstraction: Django, Handlebars, Backbone, Postgres, Postgis, etc etc...Also, VTA data is not very easily accessible. A lot of it is directly stored as variables in javascript files and not in any template forms.Accomplishments that I'm proud ofOur constant momentum, and the level of collaboration this project has led us to, not to mention our knack for hacking into complicated software, figuring it out, fixing bugs, and making it work for us.What I learnedSome VTA data is hard to pull, but also that people are interested in being able to connect with others online about transportation.What's next for Mobility MapScaling! Also, numerous niche features to help people participate, such as upvoting comments in realtime, a user interface for signing up for data reports, and icons that don't fold behind one another on the map.Built Withbackbone.jschefdjangogunicornhandlebars.jsnginxnode.jspostgispostgresqlshareaboutssupervisorubuntuvagrantTry it outmobilitymap.org      Submitted to    Hack My Ride 2.0Winner                Third Prize                  Created by  Zach Pallin,Wilson Wang,Betsy MegasZachary PallinOperations DeveloperWilson Wang 
 We figured, why use other systems for creation and management of assessments, quizzes and tests when you have Confluence? So we came up with Quizzes for Confluence. 
 For many people, the thought alone of an MRI is enough to cause a full-blown panic attack.Approximately 9 percent of people have a clinical diagnosis of claustrophobia or a fear of enclosed places, according to a study in the journal Psychological Medicine. Yet experts agree that simply feeling claustrophobic during an MRI is common for most people, even those without a phobia. So we decided to produce a virtual reality application,which will reduce such fears. 
  
 This is a service that I always wished existed. It is a simple way to make life a little easier. Why not streamline something that everyone hates doing?How I built it The add-in itself just uses plain old JavaScript with the Office.js library. The UI components are a mix of custom css and a framework named skeleton.css. The add-in is hosted on a nodejs server. The supporting back end is also hosted with node.Challenges I ran into The biggest issue I ran into was browser support. I initially had an issue with the code becoming overwhelming with callbacks. I decided to use promises to clean up the code. Which worked well but while testing I found that IE didn't support the promises API. To solve this I added in a polyfill and it has been working very well since.Accomplishments that I'm proud of I'm very happy with the user experience of the add-in. It is very easy to get started and provide value right away. I believe the users will find this add-in easy and helpful.What I learned I learned that the Office API is pretty awesome. It was a pleasure to work with. Especially the well known objects. That made getting phone numbers & emails really easy for read type of appointments. I was pleasantly surprised by that.What's next for LineOne The add-in store! Here we come. I'd also like to enhance the experience a little further by making use of EWS. Overview videoHow to install the add-inThese instructions are for Office 365 users. Adjust the URL for your OWA if you are not a subscriber.Steps to install Copy this URL - https://outlook.getlineone.com/manifest.xml Login to your Outlook Web Access - https://outlook.office.com/owa Once logged in you can click on the settings buttonClick Mail under Your app settingsIn the left pane click on General -> Manage Add-ins You can get there directly - https://outlook.office.com/owa/?path=/options/manageapps Click on the + -> Select Add from a URL Paste the URL from step 1 and click Next Click Install Click OK How to create an accountTo create an account you can visit our site directly or click on the LineOne button in OWA/Outlook.Let's start by logging into OWAOpen up your calendar and click New Event Click the LineOne icon . This will open up a side pane.Click on Create Account to sign up.Once completed go back to OWA and click the I've created my account. LineOne Icon Sign Up Flow Screencast on creating an account How to schedule a callScheduling a call is really easy. Open up the appointment you want to schedule Click on the LineOne icon. Verify the number and pin that we found. Adjust if needed.Click Schedule and you are done.Enjoy! ☎️️Thanks for taking the time to read this post. I hope you enjoy the service. If you have any questions please visit our FAQ  page or email me at hi@getLineOne.comBuilt Withcss3html5javascriptnode.jsnowoffice-jsplivosyncanovue.jsTry it outoutlook.getlineone.com      Submitted to    Hack Productivity    Created by  I created this project to scratch my own itch. I took care of the design and development on it. Feedback and recommendations welcome!Gil Ferreira 
 Last week I was reading a newspaper when I came across a story about how two women were brutally beaten (one of whom eventually died) after a home invader found them hiding under a bed. When asked why she didn't call the police immediately, the women said she was scared if the phone made noise or if she talked too loud the intruder would hear and find them. This story was very unsettling, and after some research I found it wasn't a rare occurrence either. There are over 3 million home invasions and burglaries in the US every year, and nearly half of those invaders are lethally armed. These victims who were killed by invaders were people: they had lives, families, friends, and they should have had futures too. My goal was to find a way to stop these lethal situations from happening, and to save the lives of future victims.How it worksRoboCop allows a person to silently and quickly call emergency services without the need to speak or spend time dialing and then explaining the situation. Within seconds of opening the app the police are called and given your GPS coordinates. Any additional information you give the service, such as exact location in the building or your current situation, will be translated from text to speech using IBM's Watson and sent to the police station using IBM Bluemix and Twilio.Challenges I ran intoBoth the accuracy of location and sending out the call quickly were important to get emergency services to the user as rapidly as possible. Seconds can make the difference between life and death in some cases, and we had to ensure we could balance these two components to minimize response time. By allowing the app to send new information as it became available, rather than all at one time, we were able to allow near instant calling when the app is opened.Accomplishments that I'm proud of & What I learnedBecause almost every emergency service call center in the US cannot receive text or non-audio information and home invasions are a real danger, we are proud that our app has the potential to save lives that might have otherwise been lost. I have never worked on an app before, and have mostly just worked in data science. Many of the components and steps in this project were completely new to me, but I didn't give up!What's next for RoboCopUsing a custom phone launcher, we hope to be able to add a "stealth call" feature that calls the police based off of a button click combination (ex.- power button clicked and then volume-up button clicked four times) so the service can be used without the use of a screen and while still in a person's pocket. This might be useful to those in situations where they need to call the police but cannot due to a person watching them such as during a mugging or a physically abusive relationship.Built Withandroidbluemixbootstrapcsshtml5ibm-watsoniosjavascriptphonegapsmartphonetwiliowindows-phone      Submitted to    HackUMassWinner                Communication Innovation Award              Winner                Finalist              Winner                Champion              Winner                IBM Bluemix Cloud Development Innovation Award                  Created by  Frontend, UX, presentation, etc..David NearyRhode Island and Massachusetts. I like doing projects for social good.Backend, API-integration, frontend, UXJordan Ephron 
 Non technical users have a hard time understanding how to build iFrames using the existing HTML macro. Additionally, the HTML macro introduces a security threat, while interaction between iFrames and the main Confluence are restricted by the browser in many situations. 
 Over 70% of the global population still will not have owned a smartphone by the end of 2015.Smartify brings internet-connected smartphone apps to any "dumb phones" purely with Call/SMS/MMS capabilities.The following are its potential applications:In third-world countries to extend the reach of the InternetNew business market in those countries that had not been reachable beforeEmpower 70% of the global population, who have not had privilege to own smartphonesProvide access to the Internet everywhere for everyone 
  
 As security geeks, we wanted a local Ethereum wallet with a small attack surface, a front-end easy enough for non-technical users to use securely, and hardware wallet support. None of the existing options met our needs; for instance:Mist still runs Chromium 54, which was released in April of last year, and thus is vulnerable to old Chromium vulnerabilities. In fact this caused them to issue a severe security alert recently: https://blog.ethereum.org/2017/12/15/security-alert-chromium-vulnerability-affecting-mist-browser-beta/. Furthermore Mist runs without Chromium's renderer sandbox, so many high-severity vulnerabilities in Chromium are actually critical vulnerabilities in Mist that can lead to full system compromise. Mist's advice is "don't browse to untrusted websites", but it's unclear that non-technical users can practically follow this advice, since Mist makes it easy to browse to untrusted websites in their Electron interface.MetaMask lacks hardware wallet support. https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/issues/717wallet.ethereum.org is a remote website with poor XSS protection since it doesn't define a Content Security Policy. Furthermore, websites lack the same level of code integrity as apps since they are not signed/versioned and can be modified without detection by the server operator at any time. Thus an attacker only needs to compromise the wallet.ethereum.org web server in order to compromise its users' wallets. In addition, websites are prone to phishing attacks.Same with MyEtherWallet, although they now have a Chrome extension. However, it's unclear whether to what extent the extension is stable or recommended. (See https://github.com/kvhnuke/etherwallet/issues/1406#issuecomment-352719852 for instance.)Parity runs a local web interface. This is a great approach but their app is not code-signed and previously on MacOS was downloaded over plain HTTP (https://github.com/paritytech/homebrew-paritytech/issues/65). It is also not the most friendly tool for non-technical users, since it requires downloading a command line tool (https://paritytech.github.io/wiki/Setup) and running terminal commands. This state of affairs was concerning to us. You shouldn't have to be a security expert in order to have a secure Ethereum wallet! 
  
 In this life, People Communicates, Interacts to do businesses,Employers interacting with Employees,Customers interacting with Sellers, Lecturers with Students to share ideas,family discussions,Doctors interacting with Patients and Caregivers etc. To make interactions more easier than ever we havecreated a platform called InteractionsNote: This application is still in its development phase and has not been completed yet. They are many more features to be Integrated...Okay, Its time to Interact. Interaction is an instant real-time messaging system that provides near or remote  one to one and one to many group or Team chat conferencing, SMS and Email messaging System. it has diverse of applications.Lecturers & Students Interaction:Interactions has made communications  more easier than ever.Students and Lecturers can now interacts with one another on educational purposes. Shares Digital Files,Photos, Quizzess, Assignments, Lectures and educates one another etc via one to one Chat and One to Many Chat,SMS and Email Conferencing System, all in real-time.Doctors & Patients Interactions           Doctors and Patients Communication is now awesome. Doctors, Patients and their respective CareGiver can now have one to one as wellas one to many(Conferencing) Chat interaction to educate one another, solve medical issues and treatment. They can Share Medical files in the form of X-RAY Scanned Data, Lab Results, Digital photos all in real-time....Employer & Employee Interaction...              Communication between Employer, Employee and their respective customers has been easier than ever. They can have one to one chat communication, Group Conferencing Chat communication and can communicate remotely with Digital files sharing options. All in real-time...Technology UsedBuilding a Real-Time Messaging  &  Communication System requires Full Duplex Technology that can allow sending and receiving of rich text messages simultaneously. This will help to prevent Server Timely data call for updates, reduces Sever-load and latency while optimizing Server Performance.This app was built using PHP, NodeJs AND Socket.IO Features Already IntegratedWhat's next for Interactions1.)Introduction of Video and Audio Calls2.)Digital Whiteboard Sessions(For Live Conferencing)3.)Message Propagation Via SMS if the recipient is Offline4.)Porting the app to Android & IOS and Creation of an extension to Google Chrome and Mozilla Browser...5.) Many More.......      Submitted to    Make School's Student App Competition 2017Winner                10 Upvote Prize                  Created by  Fredrick EsedoCrazy Programmer on Linux, Solaris, React, Java, Php, coldfusion, NodeJs, Socket.Io, AngularJs, Mysql and Oracle Database AdminEsedo Justina NgoziStudent and an Idea solver 
 The Hackathon to use Azure IoT and Serverless functionality was the catalyst for me to build this project. Last year I built a WebApp version that allowed a Service Desk or IT Admin to search for a person and get a report on that uses metadata from Microsoft Identity Manager. The natural extension is therefore to use spoken word to query and have the result spoken back. It also provided me with the impetus to learn how to use and integrate a number of new Azure Services I previously hadn’t used.  
 The inspiration behind our novelty hack was to eliminate the chip for good. Our prototype device receives transmitted credit card data through flashes of light that represent binary, and stores the data string via photoresistor. From there, it interprets high and low voltages as 1's and 0's and seamlessly saves all of your credit cards in a single device. You can now ditch your wallet, and actually broadcast the encrypted data via an electromagnetic field that we generate through several motor drivers, so you can make purchases at any Point-of-Sales terminal. On top of that, we create an air-tight means of data transmission! The inspiration behind this invention was technology such as Swipe or Square. They encrypt magstripe data into an audio file, but there have been known ways to break this. We thought outside-the-box, and created a way to transmit this sensitive data via LIGHT instead, which is virtually unhackable because there are no scenarios where there can be interceptable packets.   How we built itClaire Li wrote the Android application that communicates the binary light signals, and created the hardware portion of the hack that recieves the magstripe data into the device. We send the photoresistor signals into an analog input pin in an Arduino Uno, then route it to a Raspberry Pi that interprets the information. Ben Roytenberg created the hardware portion of the hack that broadcasts the data to POS-terminals for real purchases, and interpreted the stored magstripe data. He generates the electromagnetic field with this information via stepper motor driver. Challenges we ran intoThis was a very complex hack, and we ran into obstacles across every form of technology we worked with. From the first night, we realized we had to SSH headless into a Raspberry Pi and got stalled with running even the most basic scripts or checking that the photoresistor circuit was even working (it definitely wasn't, and had to be redone three or four times with help). Claire ran into issues with multi-threading and controlling the flash on an Android device to communicate the light data, and getting the photoresistor circuit to work. She had to also find a way to package the information and pass it to Ben's portion of the hardware. Ben ran into issues such as researching Track 1, and Track 2 data for credit card magstripes, and coming up with the technology to generate the electromagnetic field, and doing a lot of prototyping and testing to ensure the data is being emitted correctly.Accomplishments that we're proud ofThrowing together the entire hack as a two-man team, and working across software and hardware, and creating a device that challenged us not only as software engineers, but also as taught us a lot about embedded systems and financial security technology.What we learnedWhere there is a will, there is a way!What's next for LightSwipeAdding multi-colored LED's that show live progress of transmission, and setting up a web UI that also shows transactions.Built Withandroidarduinocphotoresistorspythonraspberry-pi      Submitted to    MHacks 8    Created by  Ben RoytenbergClaire Li21 yr old software engineer, back end developer, Android dev, embedded systems, SQL! 
 Halloween is right around the corner, it's time for some skull themed apps :). 
 Cheap cameras can have a number of great use cases and applications. They can be used to inspire amateur photography, protect people from being jumped on their way home, and even from unlawful confrontations with law enforcement.In an age where surveillance is the norm, but not openly accessible, countersurveillance is the only way to protect yourself. Enter, TinCam. 
  
 Easy and quick navigation across projects when you have a lot of them takes more time than it should. In this add-on I tried to improve projects navigation experience in JIRA. 
 Tangentia Automation consultants were speaking to a large customer in India who were implementing UIPath for their Accounts Payable process and they were receiving invoices from their vendors in multiple formats and their accuracy was only around 60%. Tangentia has a separate business unit called Tangentia EDI that manages EDI for 1000+ companies worldwide. At a water cooler, a Tangentia Automation consultant ran into a Tangentia EDI consultant and they spoke about how they would each approach an Accounts Payable process automation and then we had our eureka moment- why not create an EDI connector from UIPath and that is how we got started on this. The business case: Many companies and many of their vendors already have some EDI infrastructure in place to exchange structured business documents and if we bring those documents within RPA enabled process, we could definitely increase our accuracy within the process as a whole, as well as make the processes easily scalable. 
 Github.Why?Because Built Withat.jscoffeemarionette.jsparsletTry it outchallengepost.com    Created by  Robin Boutroshello 
  
 Fyber is for those mighty people who like amazon and ebay but also believes in power of decentralization, we provide scalable platform to buy/sell/lend goods in unique way powered by one and only Kyber and Compound network.Current goods exchanges don't provide enough transparency and trust, crypto goods exchanges are largely used in dark net, but Fyber is here to rescue. We are combining best of both worlds to have right combination of privacy and transparency. Morever, we will be first exchange to provide lending of goods and our unique methodology to handle it. It's still work in progress, but we believe in our product. 
 We had like a super long description created but when we submitted the DevPost there was an error. So now we have to write everything from the beginning because "Oops, something went wrong". We had a long meme story explaining our problems with 3D printers, our lives, Xamarin, Soy milk, Servers, pocket knives, etc. 
  
  
  
 Water use has become a very important topic recently, especially in some of the western states right now that are experiencing drought.  The Smart Crops app was created to enable users to visualize crop water needs and yield data.  When a user adds input to factor in the cost of irrigation and the crops value this app can help identify an ideal crop. 
  
 We are a group of students from the Cooper Union interested in the environment!Current debates on global warming and the environment make us aware of the pollution around us. And we are wondering: what are we breathing everyday? Where do all these pollutants come from. 
 For two years, the people of Flint, Michigan were unwittingly drinking water contaminated by lead in poisonous concentrations. The residents had no idea that they were drinking water that could and would eventually lead to several serious medical conditions. They had no way of verifying that the dirty and off-smelling water was safe like the government told them.Most current lead testing devices are kits that are single use and need to be sent to a lab, using time and money. Our goal is not only to create an affordable and accurate lead detection system, but to keep a real time graph of lead levels that can be easily accessed from the Internet. Not only is our system for long-term use, there is no hassle of sending it to labs because the readings come at a constant interval. 
 The rate at which information is searched out daily by students on the net is alarming and could also be time consuming especially when desired solutions are not found within an expected time and cost of purchase of text books and  handouts is on the high side. 
  
  
  
 I was inspired to create this application while living Abroad in Madrid. While I was there I always felt like I could share my experiences in a better way, this let me to  The idea of getting paid to travel. I always wanted a better way to find out how to make a day playing without googling 5000 things. Another problem with that system was there was really no sense of credibility for those plans or things to do. Making this app I want to  add to the community to wanderers and bloggers collaborating. You me world is not the first app that tries to solve the idea of trip planning and creating day plans but it adds a new spin to the idea! Come earn money to travel and blog!How I built itI built you meet world user interface first and one for an approach of user driven development.  I worked closely with a travel blog that is pretty well-known. I also did a ton of user  tests to validate my assumptions.  My you are is written in react JS  i’m utilizing a UI library that I also wrote concurrent to the project called feuxworks.  On the backend I’m using node.js, mysql, vert.x middleware, and a openshift3 middleware for caching, for my auth and api layer I'm using graphql (written by Facebook).  I wanted this application to be platform agnostic so my backend and is just rest API Sitting on openplatform3. Challenges I ran intoWorking on This project alone was one of the hugest challenges for me. Entire time I was doing it I kept thinking how can I leverage machine learning and different things to create a recommendation for travelers. Since that something that I really struggle to create that. For that later I’m using right now I entire time I was doing it I kept thinking how can I leverage machine learning different things to create a recommendations for travelers. Since that something that I really struggled to create that. For that later I’m using python  but since it’s not fully fleshed out yet I haven’t integrated it into my application. For now I’m doing recommendations by hand. And many more.Accomplishments that I'm proud ofI’m really proud to have submitted my first NPM module. Also I learned a lot about planning trips, making recommendation systems, css grid and flex box. I’m super proud to release this application to the public.I worked on a pretty large project for 25 days and got a pretty good distance so I'm proud to say I did my best and really made a cool thing that I'd use to plan. What's next for youme.worldRight now I’m working on an iOS and android app using react native. My next goal is to release those two to the public so you can plan an experience on the go, write a blog post, or cash out and also download all the experiences that you already have planned.  I want to bring youme to the world!Built Withgoogle-mapsgraphqlnode.jsopenshiftreactreact-nativereduxswiftvertxTry it outui-server-youme.b9ad.pro-us-east-1.openshiftapps.comyoume.world      Submitted to    Hack your Travel with OpenShiftWinner                Popular Choice                  Created by  I built the UI, Mysql sequalize + graphQL x express server, app caching layer w/ vert.x open shift 3 middleware, designs a bit of UX, and  QA.Kameron RobinsonSome hack because they can, some hack because they have to. 
 Please all US based mobile number to be used in either signup or in creating Users Emergency Contact list must begin with +1 followed by the 10 last digitSaviour is an awesome personalized and safety app that empowers users to summon help in the event of Sexual assults, Kidnapping,domestic violence, road accidents, medical/health threatening situations etc. All Communications within this app are tranversed via Phone Call and SMS.Saviour allows Users to tell Police, Safety Agencies, friends and family when they are in danger or in a critical life threatening situations.Senders Location is automatically detected and capture by using 3rd party free Geolocation API(ipinfodb.com)which was further geo-coded with Google Map Places API to obtain users immediate geolocation data and then broadcastthe Information and links contains full details to the Users Contacts...Some of the Information detected and broadcasted includes:1.) Users Longitude and Latitude Cordinates2.) Users location City, State, Region, Country3.) Five Users Nearest geolocation Addresses.4.) Five Users Nearest Geolocation Police Stations 5.) Five Users Nearest Geolocation Emergency Health/HospitalsA link containing all this Users Geolocation Data are sent to the corresponding recipients so that they will see how close they are to the Senders emergency locations.The alerts can be sent to up to 10 contacts at a single push and can be recieved by police, Security agencies,Friends, family members  who their detailed Phone numbers has been inputed by the User.All registered Users Contacts are periodically notified by Phone Calls and SMS messages on their smartphones at regular intervals depending on the EMERGENCY button option that was Pressed.Saviour sorts the Users Contacts info in an order for which data was inputted  seperating Emergency Phone-Call components from SMS Based notification alert System thus in this way,users do not have to rush around finding her friends,police etc in her phonebook, typing the message and then sending it out which is not possible when the User is in panic or in danger.Consequently, to help visually impaired people(People with sight problem),  the app allows Users to input her Emergency Contacts along with theirs Photos, the app automatically load all the photos and Names of of the Users registered contacts on the screen, and then you can tap on any of the photos to initialize call and be connected with the person in real-time. Finally, Saviour app has three major Emergency Buttons1.)Red Alert Button:   tells contacts the sender is in critical dangerthat needs immediate response.Eg. Being Hurt, Attacked,Sexual Assault,Fatal Road accident etc.2.)Orange Alert Button:   tells contacts the sender will need help as soon though not urgent.3.)green Alert Button:   tells contacts the sender is in a low risk eg. Being Lost,Car break-down etc...Platform of AvailabilityAndroid, Web & Mobile Web.Apps Screenshots Scenario and UseabilityThe Screenshot below show the Apps Landing PageThe Screenshot Below show Users  Uploading His Profile Pictures,br>The Screenshot Below show Users login into the appThe Screenshot Below show Users Signup formThe Screenshot Below show Users show Users Updating Her Emergency Contacts..The Screenshot Below show Users Interacting with Her Emergency Contacts.The Screenshot Below show Users Initializing Phone Calls to Her Emergency Contacts.The Screenshot Below show users Geo Tracked Information's.How to test the Demo....I Just created one account but you can create as many as possibleUsername: testpassword: testFirst Signup within the app either from the Mobile web or from the android version. The app will request that you upload your profile Picture, and login.  on the Landing Page, you are presented with 4 ComponentsAdding Components: Allows the User to Update her Emergency Contacts Details including Names, Photos and Phone Number. This Emergency Contacts will be used by the User in Emergency Situations rather than going through her Phonebook which will create panic in a life threatening situations. SMS Components: Allows the User to send real-time Emergency messages to all her contacts at a single push to maximum of 10 registered contacts.The Red Button alerts  means that the situation is critical and the user sending it needs an immediate urgency needs Eg A user having Fatal Accident, Kidnapping, Sexual Assaults.The Orange Button alerts  means that the sender  might be in danger...The green Button alerts  means that the sender  is at low risk. Eg. having a car-break down,being lost, looking for something etc..Each time an Emergency button is clicked, the app automatically send an SMS Message broadcast to all the senders contacts regarding the situation along with the randomly generated URL links containing Senders Emergency Locations information's. The broadcast-ed information's includes1.) Users Longitude and Latitude Cordinates2.) Users location City, State, Region, Country3.) Five Users Nearest geolocation Addresses.4.) Five Users Nearest Geolocation Police Stations 5.) Five Users Nearest Geolocation Emergency Health/HospitalsCall: Allows the User to Initialized Phone Calls to her Emergency contacts . It show the photos representing each of the contacts  and this has a long way in helping people with impaired vision.History: Keeps Sender inform of all her geo-captured data as been detected and captured during emergency situation in real-time.  This data can also be used during crime investigation which may be deemed fit upon circumstances...  Try it outbenjarsoft.com      Submitted to    Make School's Student App Competition 2017Winner                10 Upvote Prize                  Created by  Fredrick EsedoCrazy Programmer on Linux, Solaris, React, Java, Php, coldfusion, NodeJs, Socket.Io, AngularJs, Mysql and Oracle Database AdminEsedo Justina NgoziStudent and an Idea solver 
 Are You a Non-Diabetics(Free of Diabetes), Pre-Diabetics(precursor stage before diabetes mellitus) or Diabetics(Sufferer of Diabetes). Its time to know. Start Using this app now...You can study information on this link below to better understand things about Blood/Glucose Levels ranges in the bodyhttp://www.diabetes.co.uk/diabetes_care/blood-sugar-level-ranges.htmlConsequently,  The Standard blood Glucose Level set by NICE Experts were illustrated in the table below for both Non-Diabetic, Pre-Diabetics and Diabetic Patients.Diabetes is a serious illness that requires persistence medical approach and patient self-management education to prevent and reduce the risk of long-term diabetes complications.High blood sugar can reduce blood flow and damage the nerves in your feet. Left untreated, cuts and blisters can lead to serious infections. Diabetes can lead to pain,Dental gum infections,weakening of immune systems,double risk of heart diseases, Strokes, tingling or loss of sensation in your feet.Understanding your blood glucose level ranges plays a vital roles in the effective management of diabetes. If someone with diabetes has a Glucose meter, test strips and is testing, it's vital to know your blood glucose level. This test may be carried out before or 2 hours after meal.The test can also be carried out before excercise, at bedtime or during fasting.In the United State, blood sugar is normally measured in milligrams of glucose per deciliter of blood (mg/dl). A milligram is very little, about 0.00018 of a teaspoon. A deciliter is about 3 1/3 ounces.In  Canada and the United Kingdom, blood sugar level is reported in millimoles/liter (mmol/L). You can convert Canadian or British glucose levels to American numbers by multiplying the obtained values in (mmol/L) by factor of  18.If someone from Britain, Canada reports that their fasting blood glucose was (6mmol/L), you can multiply that by 18 and get their U.S. glucose level of 108 mg/dl.Diabetic Patients and their respective caregivers must also use pen and a log-book to record their glucose level on daily basis and then brings it in the next follow-up medical appointments in order for the Doctor/Physician to decide on what could be the next line of actionin fighting the diabetes chronic diseases.This is what the apps Does:Glucose Level Check (is a free web, mobile-web and Android apps) that help you monitor and record your Sugar/Glucose Level anytime anywhere.This app enable Diabetic Patients to easily share their data securely and privately with Diabetes Treatment teams,Doctors over SMS,Emails etc. in order to help you and your doctor see how your treatment is working and to know possibly what could be the next treatment options. Consequently, the app also check if the User is a Diabetic,Pre-Diabetic or a Diabetic).The app also allow User to enter her glucose level readings, the kind of food he or she eats, Time period for eating to see how the foods affects her glucose level and to actually determine if She is a  Non-Diabetic, Pre-Diabetic or a Diabetic PatientsThe app also allow Users to make Notes of other observations by asking some of the questions below"Do You have cuts and blisters that refuses to be healed?. What about pain,Dental gum infections, Sores, redness or swelling, weakening of immune systems,tingling or loss of sensation in your feet etc ?."This will help to check if the Diabetic Patients infected or not..The present Standard for patients Diabetes Management is to monitor and record the foods and glucose daily reading eg from a Glucose Meter on a paper log and then brings it in the next follow-up medical appointments. However,these Paper Logs may be dirty, stained with fluid/bloods, inconsistent and there is high possibility that the Patients can easily forget it at home and this can delay further treament options.Patients and Diabetes Treatment Teams can track the diabetic readings statistically via Column Chart,Line-Chart distribution analysis.Glucose Check is an app that empowers both Diabetic, Pre-Diabetic and Non-Diabetic to record and monitor the Kind of food they eat, Time the food was eating and their Blood Glucose Level readings and Share the resultant Data including the graphical Statistical visualization components with their Diabetes Management Teams/Doctors in real-time, not just when they have a scheduled medical appointment.Platform of AvailabilityAndroid, Web & Mobile Web.Apps Screenshots Scenario and UseabilityThe Screenshot below show the Apps Landing PageThe Screenshot Below show Users making registrations from within the appThe Screenshot Below show Users  Uploading His Profile Pictures,br>The Screenshot Below show Users login into the appThe Screenshot Below show Users entering her Bloood Sugar Level Data for AnalysisThe Screenshot Below show Users show Users historical Data Over time..The Screenshot Below show Users Statistical Data over time via Column Chart Distribution Analysis.The Screenshot Below show Users sending her Blood Glucose Level Data to her Registered Doctor or Blood Glucose Monitoring Team over SMS within the App.The Screenshot Below show Doctors Accessing his/her office to Attend to Diabetic Patients  Historical Data within his Office AppThe Screenshot Below show Doctors Accessing his/her Diabetic Patients  Data within his officeHow to test the Demo....I Just created one account but you can create as many as possibleUsername: testpassword: testFirst Signup within the app either from the Mobile web or from the android version. The app will request that you upload your profile Picture, and login.  on the Landing Page, you are presented with 4 ComponentsAdd Components: Allows the User to Enter Blood Glucose level data as obtained from the Blood Glucose Detection  Analytical Machines eg Glucose Meter. The User has to enter the kind of food eaten and the time period for which the test was done.The App compares and analyzed the data inputted to detect if the user is a Non-Diabetic, a Pre-Diabetic or a Diabetic based on Blood Glucose level Medical ranges as proposed by NICE Medical Expert.  The screenshot below shows the Blood Glucose Ranges. You can better obtain detail information by navigating this link providedhttp://www.diabetes.co.uk/diabetes_care/blood-sugar-level-ranges.htmlBased on the Inputed data, the app automatically alert the User on timely basis about her Blood Glucose Level conditions by tell him/her if they are Non-Diabetic,  Pre-Diabetic,  a Diabetic Patients etc.,Historical Components: Allows the User to view her Blood Glucose Level historical Data Overtime. User can always click on Refresh Records to See New Updates .Statistical Components: Allows the User to view her BP historical Statistical Data Overtime. User can always click on Refresh Graph Records to See New Statistical Updates via Column Chart Distribution Analysis .Reports Components: Allows the User/Patients to send her Blood Glucose Level historical Data Overtime. to her Doctor/Diabetic monitoring Team. Doctors are notified of the reports sent to their office within the app via SMS alerts Office Components: Office is for Doctors use only. it allows the Doctors/Diabetic monitoring Team to view and Access Blood Glucose Level historical Data of their respective patients over time rather than bring in a paper-log of the data. Doctor after accessing the Blood Glucose Level data will now profound solution on the next line of treatment option in curing Diabetes chronic diseases from the Patients. Doctors can then send a remarkable solution back to her Patients in HIPPA Compliance manner via SMS.. Try it outbenjarsoft.com      Submitted to    Make School's Student App Competition 2017Winner                10 Upvote Prize                  Created by  Fredrick EsedoCrazy Programmer on Linux, Solaris, React, Java, Php, coldfusion, NodeJs, Socket.Io, AngularJs, Mysql and Oracle Database AdminEsedo Justina NgoziStudent and an Idea solver 
 They have been series of family issues here and there regarding some men being aggressive with their wives, life partners saying that their partner cannot get pregnant despite being medical fit,Some argued that they need either Male or Female Child. However, most times it may be that they are having Sex when the woman is not in her Fertility Period. Millions of Women does not even know when they will be expecting theirPeriods, Ovulations or even Pregrenancy to better plan her sex time period or perhaps for family planning...Understanding your Ovulation & Menstral Cycle plays a vital roles in the effective management of your womenhood System for either becoming Pregnant or avoid it.Ovulation and Menstral Cycle are intercalated in nature. Ovulation? is the release of eggs(ovules) from the female Ovaries. This eggs are available to be fertilized by sperm cell.It a mid-point of menstral Cycle.What the App DoesThis app will enable Users(women)to  monitor and record her Ovulation Cycle/Periods, Knows her next Menstral Period, Her Fertility Period which increases herchances of getting Pregnant or avoiding it which can be tracked on the App History & Calendaring System.it tell the User the actual day She will give birth if She concieve.Consequently, If women has sex before 6 days or more before She Ovulates, the possibility that She will get pregnant is uncertain and absolutely tends to zero.The app also tell you the actual day your egg or ovule is available to be fertilized by Sperm cells. The app will tellyou the actual day that you can have sex so that you can have either a boy or a girl by usingDr. Shettles Mathematical Formula. Shettles discovery indicates, men produce two types of sperms, the X (female) and Y (male). Dr. Shettles' studies suggests the y-sperms are smaller, weaker, but faster than their siblings x-sperms, which are bigger, stronger, but slower.Consequently, According to Dr. Shettles, there are other options in getting either a Male or a Female Child and they includes1.) PH value of Women Varginal Tract.A more acidic varginal tracts favors girls, since it will kill the weaker y-sperms first, leaving a greater quantity of x-sperms available to fertilize the egg. Consequently, a more alkaline environment favors boys.Shettles recommends a douche of water and vinegar (acid) immediately before intercourse to favor a girl; a douche of water and baking soda (alkaline) will help for a boy.Very mportant: Some women are naturally very acidic and may have serious issues producing boys because acidic medium kills  Y-Sperms easily.2.)PH of Women's orgasms.PH is a measure of Alkalinity or Acidity of a medium.  Orgasms mostly occurred when sex is at climax with a partner and the woman is sexually stimulated.When a woman has an orgasm, the body releases some milky fluid substance that makes the environment more alkaline, favoring boys. consequently no orgasms will favour girls!.The book titled "The Case of the Female Orgasm: Bias in the Science of Evolution by Elisabeth Lloyd, Ph.D., a biology professor at Indiana Universitysuggest that to have Orgasm, "Sex Partners needs to relax to build sexual tension."The best preparation for a big orgasm is probably a long, steamy shower, full-body massages by and for your man or 10 minutes of steady oral sex, if you can get it. 3.)Sexual Positioning & PenetrationPositioning during sex and depth of penetration are also affected by PH. Towards entrance to the vagina, women tract is too acidic and thus shallow penetration will favour X-Sperm producing girls. consequently,deep penetration will favour Y-Sperm producing boys because the Sperm are closer to the egg for fertilization.All this Information can be Tracked also from the app History Menu and by Navigating The Menstral Calendering System using Calenders "Next and Previous" buttonThe app will periodically and automatically update the women via SMS components on her next Menstral Period, Ovulation Time, Fertility Time, Non-Pregnancy time ,Male or Female Child conceiving time and Child Birthrate if She conceives all in real-time.Platform of AvailabilityAndroid, Web & Mobile Web.Apps Screenshots Scenario and UseabilityThe Screenshot below show the Apps Landing PageThe Screenshot Below show Users making registrations from within the appThe Screenshot Below show Users  Uploading His Profile Pictures,br>The Screenshot Below show Users entering her Menstral Cycle Data for Analysis/5.png)The Screenshot Below show Users show Users Menstral historical Data Over time..The Screenshot Below show Users Menstral Calendaring SystemHow to test the Demo....I Just created one account but you can create as many as possibleUsername: testpassword: testFirst Signup within the app either from the Mobile web or from the android version. The app will request that you upload your profile Picture, and login.  on the Landing Page, you are presented with 3 ComponentsAdding Components: Allows the User to Enter her Menstrual such  her Menstrual Start Date, Last Menstrual Date, The Degree of discharge, Additional Information's etc.The App compares and analyzed the data inputted to detect  users Menstrual information which includes1.)Estimated time for Users Next Menstrual Cycle Period2.) Users Ovulation Period3.) Fertility Period(When woman will have Sex to be able to conceive)4.) Non-Fertility Period(When woman will have Sex to avoid Pregnancy)5.)Boy Conceiving Time (Time when woman will have Sex to produce boys) 6.)Girls Conceiving Time (Time when woman will have Sex to produce girls) 7.)Automatic Family Planning Information.8.)Estimated Time for Child Birth date if the woman ConceivesHistorical Components: Allows the User to view her Menstrual historical Data Overtime. User can always click on Refresh Records to See New Updates .Calendaring System: Allows the User to view her Menstrual historical  Data Over timeon the Calendar. Such calendaring information includes Next Menstrual Date,Ovulation Date,Fertility Date,Non-Fertility Date, Boy/Girls bearing Date, Child Birthdate etc...Users can use Calenders "Next and Previous" button to navigate to see the details informationsTry it outbenjarsoft.com      Submitted to    Make School's Student App Competition 2017Winner                10 Upvote Prize                  Created by  Fredrick EsedoCrazy Programmer on Linux, Solaris, React, Java, Php, coldfusion, NodeJs, Socket.Io, AngularJs, Mysql and Oracle Database AdminEsedo Justina NgoziStudent and an Idea solver 
 High Blood Pressure(HBP) is a serious diseases which affects millions of people world-wide. Its a silent Killer and if leftuncontrolled may results in disability, Kidney diseases, Heart failure, stroke, Sexual dis-functions and final death.Causes of this Blood pressure varies. For instance, it can be caused by Too much salt in the diet, smokking,over-weight,lack of physical exercise, Stress, genetics,certain drugs used in treaments.For instance in Cancer Patients,studies by some Scholars SciELO and LILACS between 1993 and 2013, has showned that High Blood Pressure or Hypertension may be caused by the use of angiogenesis inhibitors(bevacizumab, sorafenib and sunitinib), corticosteroids, erythropoietin in targeted cancer therapy.According to this Scholars, this Hypertension can serve as a risk factor for chemotherapy-induced cardiotoxicity and if not properly controlled, it can negatively affects Cancer treatment plan or even lead to discontinuation of certain therapies.Furthermore according to this scholars, The use of chemotherapy and adjuvant drugs effective in the treatment of cancer increased the survival rate of these patients and, consequently, increased the incidence of hypertension. Morbidity and mortality may increased in patients with cancer and hypertension without proper antihypertensive treatment and therefore, there is need for early diagnosis, effective monitoring, treatment strategies and management tools for hypertension in cancer patients in order to reduce cardiovascular morbidity and mortality rate. 
 A Breast Cancer Patient is immediately susceptible following any incisions(Surgical Cuts) to remove cancerous Cells.After the surgery, Patients are engulfed with Pains, stress, trauma,anxiety due to the surgery.Drainage System(Eg. Jackson Pratt drainage system) which are long tubes that are placed into the patients breast area or armpit to collect excess fluid that can accumulate in the space where the tumor or cancerous cells was removed from the body.These drainage system are sured to the skin/body like pinatas on a string. Watch the Video from this links and also study the Page Content to  better  understand whatBreast Cancer Drainage is all about.https://www.mskcc.org/cancer-care/patient-education/caring-your-jackson-pratt-drainage-systemThe drain can last for weeks, However, it depends on your surgery and the amount of drainage coming out from the surgical cuts and patients are expected to carry thedrains pulling at their bodies anywhere they go including going to work, school runs, bathing, cooking,sleeping etc.Consequently, Some people drains alot while others drains little and according to oncological experts the drainage is usually removed when the drainage is 30 mL or less over 24 hours.Patients and caregivers(a person who takes care of the patients) must also record the daily readingsof the drains morning and evening(ie atleast twice a day) in a drainage log and then brings it in the next follow-up medical appointments  in order for the surgeon/Doctor to decide when to remove the drains.This is what the apps Does:Breast Cancer Drainage (is a free web, mobile-web and Android apps) that help you monitor and record your Drain anytime anywhere.This app enable Patients to easily share their data securely and privately with Surgical teams,Doctors  over SMS,Emails etc. in order to have the drainage removed at earliestconvinient. Consequently, The app will alert Patients when the drain readings is 30 mL or less over 24 hours in order to have the drain removed as soon as possible.The app also monitors Patient's Drainage Fluid odour,smell,Significant Bruising and redness around the Incision wound todetermine if the surgical cuts is infected or not..The present Standard for patients Drain Management is to monitor and record the drains daily reading on a paper log andthen brings it in the next follow-up medical appointments. However,these Paper Logs may be dirty, stained with fluid,inconsistent and there is high possibility that the Patientscan easily forget it at home and this can delay the drain unstallations.Patients and Surgical Teams can track the drains readings statistically via Column Chart distribution analysis.Breast Cancer Drainage is an app that empowers patients to have their drains removed at the right time, not just when they have a scheduled medical appointment.Platform of AvailabilityAndroid, Web & Mobile Web.Apps Screenshots Scenario and UseabilityThe Screenshot below show the Apps Landing PageThe Screenshot Below show Users  Uploading His Profile Pictures,br>The Screenshot Below show Users entering her Breast Drainage Fluid Data for AnalysisThe Screenshot Below show Users show Users historical Data Over time..The Screenshot Below show Users Statistical Data over time via Column Chart Distribution Analysis.The Screenshot Below show Users sending her Breast Drainage Data to her Registered Doctor or Surgical Team over SMS within the App.The Screenshot Below show Doctors Accessing his/her office to Attend to Users/Patients BP Historical Data within his Office AppThe Screenshot Below show Doctors Accessing his/her Users/Patients Breast Drainage  Data within his officeHow to test the Demo....I Just created one account but you can create as many as possibleUsername: testpassword: testFirst Signup within the app either from the Mobile web or from the android version. The app will request that you upload your profile Picture, and login.  on the Landing Page, you are presented with 4 ComponentsAdd Components: Allows the User to Enter her Breast Fluid data level as obtained from the Drainage Tube that was measured in a drainage cup.Please Make sure that you must have watched the Video link that I sent above to better understand what Breast Fluid Drainage is all about.. The App compares and analyzed the data inputted to check if the drainage is due for Removal or not. The app also analyzed the Users/Patients inputed data to alert the user if the Surgical cuts is infected or not and automatically profound an avenue for the Patients to send reports to Doctors/Surgical Team.Historical Components: Allows the User to view her Breast Drainage historical Data Overtime. User can always click on Refresh Records to See New Updates .Statistical Components: Allows the User to view her Breast Drainage historical Statistical Data Overtime. User can always click on Refresh Graph Records to See New Statistical Updates via Column Chart Distribution Analysis .Reports Components: Allows the User/Patients to send her Breast Drainage historical Data Overtime. to her Doctor/Surgical Team. Doctors are notified of the reports sent to their office within the app via SMS alerts Office Components: Office is for Doctors use only. it allows the Doctors/Breast Cancer  Surgical Team to view and Access BP historical Data of their respective patients overtime rather than bring in a paper-log of BP data. Doctor after accessing the Drainage data will now profound solution on the next line of treatment option as well as detecting if the drainage is now due for removal or not. Doctors can then send a remarkable solution back to her Patients in HIPPA Compliancy manner via SMS.. Try it outbenjarsoft.com      Submitted to    Make School's Student App Competition 2017Winner                10 Upvote Prize                  Created by  Fredrick EsedoCrazy Programmer on Linux, Solaris, React, Java, Php, coldfusion, NodeJs, Socket.Io, AngularJs, Mysql and Oracle Database AdminEsedo Justina NgoziStudent and an Idea solver 
 In  any emergency situations  like air crash or shipwreck, a life jacket plays a very important role in saving  one’s life.But the survivors  may have to wait for very long for rescueing  as the rescuers don’t have the precise location of the victim. The victim may die during these hours.Here our smart jacket comes handy . Using this, the rescue operation can be done very easily and in   the short duration .  
 My son is currently turning 5 and I thought I could help him develop his skills in identifying animals by just a sound clip. He is really interested in animals in farms, watching animals on programs on tv, so I thought this was an ideal opportunity to develop his skills and help other children develop their skills. 
 Often, it's not the risks that you see coming, but the risks that you dont see coming (the unknown unknowns). How do you plan for a problem that you don't know is coming? This is especially true in the hyperconnected economy that exists in today's world. Players and elements within the economy are becoming increasingly interconnected and interdependent. Relationships between these elements are also dynamic and highly complex. 
 We love to do everything in Confluence. And I mean everything. From our development documentations over our contracts to the company retreat planning. The only problem is, especially with long texts, that it's hard to read over a longer period of time, because of the small font size and long line width. Some of us used Safari's reading mode others just hit ⌘+ a few times. But that was annoying in the long run and in reading modes we couldn't comment or use special macros.That's why we built the Reader for Confluence. 
 Most of us are part of the first ever Archery team at Highlands High School, and the scoring system for archery tournaments is inefficient. 
 Users that have cryptocurrency may not know when to keep the currency or sell it. Our application will help the user decide what they should do with their cryptocurrency. They can also view graphs about the cryptocurrency Twitter data. 
  
  
 Tinder is one of the top global app, why? Maybe people like to see others or talk to them and find true love.So why not make something tinderish, but with money! Everyone wants to make get rich, everyone is also scared about getting scammed, so here is where Money Match comes along. 
  
  
 A few hackathons ago some friends and I were watching the towel.blinkelights.nl ASCII Star Wars video and I thought, 'if you can watch a crappy text rendition of Star Wars through telnet, why couldn't you get all of Netflix in your terminal too?' I was so sleep deprived at the time that somehow the thought didn't stick in my head. Several days later I had a flash of "original inspiration" which I was sure I'd never considered before, at least until the aforementioned friends convinced me that I was repeating myself. After a rough start at YHack, I decided I was going to implement this idea. By the time I started it was already close to the deadline. It was a scramble to finish on time, but it came together in the end.  
  
 I have tried different symptoms checker mobile apps, but current there is none that could automatically identify the human features and provide possible symptoms from the human image picture itself. What if we leverage the power of Azure Cognitive Service and Azure Search to extract human features (face landmarks, gender and etc...) to quickly provide symptoms and learn about our conditions in a matter of seconds.  
  
 We wanted to make a .io style game (think agar.io). At first we couldn't think of any ideas but then we spotted a wheeled trash can across the venue and we knew that we wanted to make a game where you push trash cans into other people to kill them. 
 CES2017 - Razer lost a prototype laptop, which was stolen. According to a news article, at least 1,000 government laptops were reported lost and stolen since 2015. Government laptops missing entail possible leakage of sensitive data, which calls for a solution - iTrack. 
 Our office manager @stefgreat is awesome. You should see how she deals with recruiters, real estate vultures, and the other callers who hammer us every day. It's comically bewildering that some people just don't get the message.And you know what? After calling us everyday for a week and hearing the same "please take us off your list," I don't think you deserve Stef's good graces anymore. Sorry bruh. 
  
  
  
 A child's hospital experience is often frightening, exhausting and overall unpleasant. We change that by creating a unique storyline for a child's hospital stay.Using the GE Adventure Series as inspiration, we wanted to imbed the awesome settings into a comprehensive use case.  
 Honestly, seeing an API powerful enough to transfer files, regardless of size or type so consistently across platform, I had to make use of it. So I figured that it would be a good bet to make use of it to create an app that allows you to share and transfer document on the go and keep them at one place. Not only that, the document can be from your excel or ppt or even .c or .java files, actually almost all kinds of code files can be viewed in this app, I have ensured that the popular extensions are covered by the app. How it worksThe best part of the app is how it works, it's so easy that even your child or grandparents can use.Just select the files to transfer from the list and click send. A code will be generated which need to be shared with the person you want to send files to. That's it.Same logic applies to the receiving part.Challenges I ran intoWell, yeah there were a few but it was a part of the learning curve.In building this app, i learned loads of stuff core to iOS file management and using file extensions.Accomplishments that I'm proud ofBuilding an app that is very close to what I imagined it to be is really nice.What I learnedLearned about the file management in iOS, file extensions , viewing document, and of course the powerful APIs of the sendAnyhwhere.What's next for FLYDOCIf I see the app being used by people, i'll add more features to make the app's document viewer more customised and and even more refined and especially providing customisation to read the code syntax of various languages like java,c, etc. Built Withiphone6objective-csendanywherexcodeTry it outitunes.apple.com      Submitted to    The Blue Airplane HackWinner                2nd Place                  Created by  I designed and developed this app in order to provide the easiest way to transfer documents in iOS.Umar FarooqueiOS Developer [bit of android as well] 
  
  
  
 As I live in New Jersey but work in New York, I get very little time to teach my kids at home.On one Saturday morning, I tried to teach math tables to my 6 year old. It was difficult. After different trials and errors, I found a way to keep her engaged and entertaining. I told her that we were going to play a game.First, I would draw the first 5 items from two table in big bold letters on a blackboard and challenged her to remember as many as she can. Once she is ready, I would wipe those out, and quiz her the first half of the 2 times table. I am surprised to see her learning quickly. Gamification of teaching tables this way made engaged and entertaining. So, from then on, every Saturday, we would play this game. She not only enjoys this mode of learning but started learning tables quickly. So, I thought of spreading this method to all other parents like me because it is very effective.  I thought the best way to do this is to automate this process so that all other kids can use it in a fun way.After exploring, I found Alexa Presentation Language (APL) with which we can create beautiful, immersive experiences by building an Alexa skill that runs on every device such as Echo, Echo Show, Fire TV, etc.My daughter loves this Alexa skill I have built, and she loves to play it over and over again on our Smart TV (using Amazon Fire stick) and she now knows tables all the way up to 8th table perfectly and she is just in the First Grade :)  
 We've all gone hiking and seen geotagging. We've all seen PokemonGo come and leave, disrupting our lives in ways we didn't see coming. We believe that AR's purpose is to merge reality with the digital world, and we feel that creativity is essential to utilizing AR in the best way possible. That's why we decided to create mARk, an app where you can make AR Art Pieces (or ARt as we like to call it) and share them with the world. 
  
 We were unhappy with the lack of Net Neutrality in the 21st Century and wanted to change this, by providing a means of data transmission over a high data traffic network - in the case of this project, Whatsapp. 
  
 The open nature of Confluence collaboration is great for project collaboration, reference documentation and team knowledge.  But sometimes Confluence gets used for jobs where you need to produce documentation under a regulated environment or approval of some content.  It could be a press release, some internal policies, or something quick like the submission for your Codegeist entry.Confluence Server users already have the ability to set up reviews and approvals to improve the quality of their content with our Comala Workflows add-on.  However we hadn't been able to offer a solution to Confluence cloud users that would meet our functional and user experience expectations. As the Atlassian connect framework has matured and evolved we can now provide this functionality with the Comala Approvals add-on for Confluence Cloud. 
 This System Reminds the patient to take medicine on time and compel him to take it by sending notification to caretaker. 
 Large consulting MNC such as Big 4 hires over 90,000 workforce every year to keep up with project client demands. Project managers have to sometimes interview up to 10 candidates for each permanent position they need to fill. Not only does this take up a huge amount of time, it is also costly for companies to have excess full time employees during non-peak periods.While freelance workforce may be a solution for small companies, audit and fraud risk when hiring risky freelancers on top of excessive contracting work makes it impossible for large auditing firm to leverage on such a hiring model in a fail-safe manner.To reduce risk and optimize cost savings for workforce, we came up with DreamForce, an app that allows you to employ an adaptive workforce on demand powered by BlockChain technology to reduce fraud risk. 
  
 Inspired by the sucky social life of students in McGill!  
 The Atlassian Connect framework greatly simplifies and unifies developing add-ons for JIRA Cloud. Unfortunately, plugins for JIRA Server still requires a considerably large amount of inconsistent boilerplate source code on both front-end and back-end sides. This is currently an obstruction in maintaining equal supports for both JIRA Cloud add-ons and JIRA Server plugins, let alone delivering the same user experience on both JIRA environments. We believe that the problem can be solved elegantly if JIRA Server plugins can be generated automatically from their JIRA Cloud counterpart. 
 Trying to arrange a meeting with your friends? Then you have definitely felt the pain of having to compare everyone's timetables 
  
  
 You know that feeling when you land in a new airport and you can’t find anything. Lounges, restaurants, wifi.... Where have they all gone? This bot is a concept for how a personal Assistant can get around this problem, over chat. Also, there is no need for the travelers to download any new app or navigate a complex website in a mobile screen. All that they need to do is start chatting with the Airport Assist bot from FB Messenger, when they enter the airport. 
 We had to take mundane and repetitive online quizzes for our chemistry class and we thought that there had to be a more efficient way to take them. The quizzes were set up on an online site called Pro Profs and they were based off of a larger question bank, we realized that a machine learning robot would be able to learn all of the questions in the question bank and be able to get hundreds on the quizzes.   
 We all grew up playing many various musical instruments. We thought it would be a cheap way for people who aren't as fortunate to learn to play instrumental skills such as learning the piano and drums.  
 My friend and I needed to find an apartment in New York City during the Summer. We found it very difficult to look through multiple listing pages at once so we thought to make a bot to suggest apartments would be helpful. However, we did not stop there. We realized that we could also use Machine Learning so the bot would learn what we like and suggest better apartments. That is why we decided to do RealtyAI 
 The idea for our hack came to us as we decided where we were going to set up for the weekend during the hackathon. As we searched crowded rooms across north campus, we knew there had to be a way to get real time updates about how many people are on campus and where they are studying. From this, FireNode was born.  
  
 It's hard to find legitimate use cases for blockchain technology 
 Ronald McDonald Mobile Care Unit 
  
 We were inspired by the Twitch Plays Pokemon phenomenon. We believe the Internet is full of the brightest minds dedicated to enlightening their fellow humans with the best, most serious answers :)CollaboratorsAskMeteor was created by Xinran Xiao and Caleb An , two software engineers at BrightRoll who wanted to build a "web scale high performance" app.Meteor Packages Used for AskMeteor:semantic:ui-cssiron:routeraldeed:collection2percolate:synced-cronreywood:publish-compositexinranxiao:monikerflyandi:reactive-countdownmizzao:user-statustmeasday:publish-countsaccounts-passwordBuilt Withcsshtmljavascriptmeteor.jssemantic-uiTry it outaskmeteor.meteor.comgithub.com      Submitted to    Meteor Global Distributed Hackathon     Created by  Software Engineer @Brightroll, Dartmouth '15Caleb AnBrightroll Software Engineer, Dartmouth College '15 in Computer Science and EconomicsSoftware Engineer @Brightroll, Dartmouth '15Xinran Xiao 
  
  
  
  
  
 1) There are many different things that flights are dependent on and most of them are being collected manually. 2) We think that  airline company is about flights. Therefor, all information that we have should be related to the flights. 
  
  
 According to world bank statistics, more than 60 Million Nigerians are unbanked (http://venturesafrica.com/more-than-60-million-nigerians-are-not-yet-financially-inclusive/) and this was verified by techpoint Africa that only 40% of Nigerian Adults are banked (https://techpoint.africa/2018/04/23/nigerian-adults-banked/). Which implies that a huge percentage of the Nigerian Populace are unbanked and not financially included. We feel these people need to have access to funds, money, bailouts, sponsorship, etc. Then we thought of reaching them via their National Identity Number (NIN) or their Voter's Identity Number (VIN). NIN and VIN are similar to the Social Security Number and they are unique to every citizen. 
  
  
 We've always wanted to be able to experience what it is like to be an air traffic controller, in VR. 
 We hated sharing the auxiliary cord and dealing with the bombardment of requests. Why can't we just let everyone have access to the speakers?What It DoesAux allows a host user to login into their Spotify account and create an empty playlist, identified by a pin that can be shared with other listeners. After someone has the playlist pin or 'Aux code', they can access the request system for that playlist. The request system queries Spotify's library and allows the requested songs to be voted upon. Every few minutes, the top requested song is queued into the party playlist.How We Built ItWe built Aux using Spotify's API and a Flask server.Challenges We Ran IntoThe Python API wrapper we used, Spotipy, made it difficult to get authorization for the host account in an elegant way.AccomplishmentsWe accomplished so much this weekend: running a server locally, accessing and generating a user playlist, and implementing a live voting and priority queue system.What We LearnedOur group has learned a lot about front and back-end development, specifically experimenting with JS, Angular.js (although unsuccessful), and Flask. We also became more experienced in live API integration, including dealing with poorly documented features.What's Next for AuxNext, Aux has to be cleaned up and become more presentable. After this point, it can begin to be scaled to allow many hosts and parties to be occurring simultaneously. Additionally, we would like to implement 'global parties' with public playlists connecting people worldwide. We also would like to implement web player capabilities to keep our entire application in one location.Built Withcss3flaskhtml5pythonspotifyTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    McHacks 2017    Created by  Integrated Spotify API in Flask and PythonAndrew McCannProblem solver looking for problems to solve.Backend - Routing               - Flask server setupFrontend - Jinja2Samar SajnaniSangeet ParasharMathew Abado 
  
 I've always loved the idea of writing an AI bot to challenge or fight others. I think it's a super fun way to learn to program and feels empowering. I always wanted to host a "St. Olaf vs Carleton Bot Wars" sort of thing, but none of the available tools really make it easy. That's mainly because:You can't challenge individual people or groups. You can only upload your code to fight in the global leaderboards.You can't easily play the game as a human, or play against your own bot as a human player.Most games are grid-based. (Which is ideal for developing AI, but is often not what the real world looks/feels like)So I set out to make something that should be: simple, flexible and tangible. I wanted something that does not obscure the process of writing code. No one writes a perfect algorithm from scratch on their first try. Programming is an iterative process. It's very important for beginners to see that to understand how talented programmers do what they do and how they got to where they are. * My tool will be highlighting, rather than obscuring, the process of writing code.* 
 Know How Far Your Traveling Distance Is...Check how much it can cost you to move from one location to another...To calculate your traveling cost. Assuming 1 km distance of travel is 0.30 cent irrespective of whether there is Hold-up, Traffic Jams etc. Then enter your Start Location Address and Your Destination Address to see the Distance and traveling cost. This app was built using  google map geocoding APITry it outbenjarsoft.com      Submitted to    Make School's Student App Competition 2017Winner                10 Upvote Prize                  Created by  Fredrick EsedoCrazy Programmer on Linux, Solaris, React, Java, Php, coldfusion, NodeJs, Socket.Io, AngularJs, Mysql and Oracle Database AdminEsedo Justina NgoziStudent and an Idea solver 
 Adaptavist Test Management for JIRA Server is a product that Adaptavist believe is the best option for Test & QA teams looking to manage their testing within JIRA.We have had lots of interest from Test & QA teams who are using JIRA Cloud and have sadly until now had to end their interest in our solution once we discover they are not using JIRA Server or JIRA Data Centre. We wanted to change that and provide the features customers wanted in a Test Management solution for JIRA Cloud.  
 The team decided that we wanted to make music autonomously and explore how difficult it was to make something that sounds pleasing.  
 I have always been inspired by science-fiction movies such as "Mr Robot".  Seeing Dominique DiPierro talking to Alexa her artificial intelligence  led me to make this a reality. If you're curious to watch the scene, check out Season 2 episode 11 of Mr. Robot. 
 Create a unified experience for Jira Service Desk agents who make and receive calls. Quickly manage calls from the ticket so you don't need to switch tabs. 
 The real problem is that programmers have spent far too much time worrying about efficiency in the wrong places and at the wrong times; premature optimization is the root of all evil (or at least most of it) in programming.-- Donald Knuth (Computer Programming as an Art; 1974; page 671)When optimizing C++ code I made heavy use of profiling tools. This gave me insights on which lines of code the running time is spend. More often than not, this was not in the place where I expected it to be.Solidity is only different in the metric. We are not interested in time, but in gas cost. 
 Refugee women often fill a domestic role when they arrive in Australia, managing the home, looking after the children and cooking the meals. In addition to preventing those women from attending language classes, this results in social isolation and a widening gender gap. 
  
 During our internship at a utility industry, we build software that supports many fields workers. These are folks whose work may include performing inspections and repairs in potentially hazardous environments. Most of the software we’ve been developing aids these folks from a productivity standpoint by improving how they perform their work.However, we’ve noticed that nothing really supports them from a safety perspective. They are required to take safety-training courses and acquire certifications, which are useful, but as a team, we started thinking about how could software be used to improve worker safety.  We noticed that sometimes field workers working in hazardous conditions are not able to focus on safety while they are working on their assigned work. For example, a construction worker working near a Gas Pipeline may not able to sense minor gas leaks as he/she is focused on their assigned task. This can cause loss of life and property.Work Safety Management System is our attempt at addressing this problem. 
 I am an RA for one of the freshman dorms, and I have seen my residents go through a lot of struggle during their first year of college. Most common problems being financial hardships, relationship issues, anxiety, class load and soon.  Sometimes, students share their problems but a lot of times they hesitate to talk about any of this topic, and thus don't get any emotional support. So, I created Chitthi, a personal RA, with whom you can share any of your problems and she is going to respond you with the solution to your problem.  
 We saw the brand new Samsung Family Hub smart fridge at the CES 2017, which require manual data log-in for the goods stored inside. We got inspired to create a smart fridge that can automatically log in what's inside the fridge, enable users to access the data remotely and have information recommended for the users based on what they have in the fridge. 
 The idea came thanks to a Twitch Streamer, Snugibun, who started the whole movement for getting captions available for everyone on twitch, but, while the intention was great, I noticed two main problems:  1 - The captions were burned in the video, which meant that getting the original video would be impossible, while re-captioning a video is pretty doable.  2 - Due to them being burned in the stream, they could not be enlarged or moved by the user and also lacked any form of transparency.So I decided to try and find a solution for these problems. 
 Want to drink and want to meet someone new? 
  
  
  
  
 We realized it was difficult to inspect some pipes, and it would be an interesting project to make a robot that could follow pipes and navigate around obstacles to inspect the pipe remotely 
 Biking in Boston is intense!  Boston drivers are mean people and they don't like bikes!With biking being so dangerous in the area, the goal was to improve safety and visibility of bikers.  Many drivers are unfamiliar with hand signals that bikers use to slow down or turn.  On top of that, most bikers don't even use the signals!The goal was to be able to adapt visibility biking lights to light up for braking and to signal for turns.  With better lighting, bikers do not have to worry about the distraction of making a hand signal.  Drivers will also easily understand the biker's intent. 
 For many organizations, JIRA is a major tool for IT, business and development teams to operate their functions. Collecting all integrations in JIRA gives teams power to react quickly on the changing trends of business operations.AWS is a central tool for lots of companies. We believe that bringing these two products together will enable businesses for better control and faster growth. 
 Tobii is the world leader in eye tracking technology. Founded in 2001, the company has built its reputation on providing millions of families with the tools it needs in order to better communicate. Eye tracking was born as a research tool, but soon exploded in the specialty market where users were able to communicate using our products (Watch Sebastian Story). Since then we have uncovered countless uses for this technology.The inspiration for Tobii Ghost came about whilst watching speech tablet users, We soon realized that we were trying to guess what they were trying to say just before they actually said it, giving us a visual representation of user intention.With this thought formed and being avid gamers ourselves, we began toying with the idea with the belief that this had great potential ONLY IF we were able to have a good visualization tool to display exactly where and what a person is looking at.Challenges we ran intoBack then we didn’t have a good visualization tool for eye movements on screen. However, there did exist a lot of experiments such as Dwell-Free that allowed us to trace a succession of actions based on heat maps. Whilst innovative, it wasn’t really suited to gaming. We needed something less intrusive and based on what we experienced, heatmaps were a step in the right direction in terms of achieving fluency.So, we accelerated the decay of the heatmap and that created a kind of a waterdrop effect in the screen (The first bubble!). We then created a different variation of that technique that ended up being the customization feature in our extension. After that things gathered steam. We showcased the functionality to Eleague and we were promoted in a  "Getting Technical" segment that became quite popular in the show. After that (by content creators/streamers request), we made this a streaming tool. Accomplishments that we are proud ofThe 2nd challenge came when we had the option to transform this streaming tool as an extension, by that time twitch was working in a new version of their extension store showcasing a new way of visualizing extensions in categories,  that will boost discovery for newcomers. Of course, we did not want to lose this opportunity, but we had 3 weeks to research how to build this and actually do it!Also, we have no branding at all, we call it internally the "Gaze overlay", so we had to have that in mind too and what was more difficult by then: "How we can help our users to explain to their viewers that the bubble means eye tracking?". It was a huge challenge, a very exciting one with a lot of office hour but also with a ton of fun since we were doing something that no one has seen before in gaming and/or eye tracking :) We have seen an amazing reception that been translated into a great exponential organic growth. This has not only allowed us to expand in streamers numbers but also has open doors in esports events as a broadcasting tool: Rainbow Six US Invitationals   
 After reading the news and learning that 63 million people are faced with poverty every year in India due to healthcare expenditure alone, I was shocked. I had worked with image recognition and machine learning before so I set out to solve this problem in my own way. 
 Personally, I am a pretty disorganized, and even tools such as planners prove to be useless to me because I often just forget to check the planner, and other reminder systems are either not intelligent enough or are a hassle to set up. I have tried everything from google calendar to trello, and all of the other time management systems, and they just dont work efficiently enough. Google Calendar notifications get annoying and repetitive to the point where they can be ignored, etc. Thats why, we set out to create a time management app like no other. 
 Hi we're the {Set} Protocol team. We've been building out the Set abstraction for ERC20 tokens so that we can group together tokens and transact in batches.  This provides convenience and gas-savings and we thought we could apply the similar idea for ERC721 tokens.  The first thing that came to mind was being able to create "Booster Packs" (similar to Magic: The Gathering or Pokemon cards) of non-fungible tokens.  We started with the famous CryptoKitties as an example, but this could theoretically be applied to any group of ERC721 tokens and be traded around as a single token. 
 As high school students who frequently discuss the sciences or mathematics with our peers or with other students who need tutoring, we found that this was very hard to do over Facebook Messenger due to its inability to recognize LaTeX text. Quite often, this process requires the hassle of going to other websites to get screenshots of LaTeX formatted equations before sending them through the chat system. Being able to integrate LaTeX recognition into Facebook Messenger itself eliminates this problem. 
  
  
 Traditionally when patients leave in-patient care, they are sent home with a long and incomprehensible set of printed instructions for at-home care. The information provided is not organized or designed with regard to the patient's perspective and leads to many problems.This outdated format limits the patient and their caretakers' access to important information about prescriptions, daily therapy regiments, and the course of their recovery.For many diseases, preventing future medical emergencies is key. For example, patients that have suffered a stroke are at an increased risk of experiencing another in the first year. After leaving the hospital, these patients need to follow a strict regiment of medication and therapy. Without patients' thorough understanding of their disease and its treatment, the risk of suffering a second stroke is increased.Another major drawback of the traditional format of patient education is the lack of dialogue between patients and their healthcare providers. If patients have questions and concerns, they will have to call through the hospital or wait until their next scheduled appointment, which can often be months away. Patients slowly lose control of their healthcare, which can lead to serious issues in mental health and hinder their recovery.With this app, we hope to better prepare patients and their loved ones for the transition back to a healthy life and empower them to control their own healthcare. 
 I was first inspired to create a Twitch Extension like this when attending a panel by Suz Hinton (@noopkat) at Twitch Con 2017. She mentioned she was an advocate for accessibility on the web and wanted to try doing Closed Captioning on Twitch. This seeded the idea in my mind and I had it in the back of my head for a long time. Before the hackathon I started to notice broadcasters using a Closed Captioning browser source in their OBS setups, a simple section on their stream overlays dedicated to displaying speech to text closed captioning for their viewer. Seeing this rekindled the idea in the back of my mind and when the call went out for this hackathon I thought that the time was right to tackle trying to do the same but doing it as a Twitch extension video overlay that will be configurable and increase user engagement. 
  
  
 Our inspiration came from the Mobile Game "Space Team", one of our favorite co-op mobile Games. BizDev Meeting takes the mechanic of "Space Team" and 'turns it up a notch' with BizDev lingo and a Business-Meeting Role-Play scenario.How we built itUsing Meteor.Challenges we ran intoIt was challenging to get some of the UI components done toward the end of the evening, so we decided to cut some components out for submission. A lot of code did not get refactored to save time. Despite challenges towards the end of the evening, building the core codebase was a relatively smooth process.The game was designed to look like a Windows95 Mobile App... (if Mobile Apps were actually a thing back then). It was oddly very challenging to achieve the styles of a non-styled HTML4 table (on the Game Win screen), since table attributes are not supported in HTML5. (lol). It was fun to purposefully design and build the game to feel and look old...on purpose.Accomplishments that we're proud ofWe got the majority of the app running pretty quickly, and despite small issues that came up toward the end of the evening, it was fairly simple. Our team really enjoyed working together.What's next for BizDev MeetingI think we will finish up some of the ui components to the game is fully playable, and so that we can test it amongst our bizdev friends.Built Withcron-tickflash-messagesiron-routermoment.jsreactive-varscsstimesyncTry it outbizdev-20.meteor.comgithub.com      Submitted to    Meteor Global Distributed Hackathon     Created by  Worked on doodads.Brandon Baris!!Design, General UX Typography & Layout StylingKelli BorgoniaGame Architecture & LogicJon BorgoniaBuild UI to match windows 95Emmanuel Pilande 
  
 Remove the key frustration of Slack users: Tired of micro-managing unread messages in multiple channels in Slack.Recap/digest messages intelligently for users. 
 We want to integrate  technology and help people with use American Sign Languages (ASL) to communicate. 
  
 We wanted to build something that allows you to search for things in videos just like you do in normal files and summarise long texts according to the available time you have. Since we had a good number of people in our team, we distributed the work in such a way that it allowed us ti build not only this but a lot more.  
 Public Transport Problems in Casablanca 
  
  
  
  
  
 All of the team members primarily use some distribution of Linux. A desktop environment is something you can get really creative with, so we thought - why not make a platform to show off your desktop environment, and have a way to upvote ones you like? 
 Ever tell yourself "I wish I could reserve some ice-time in my town right on my phone or computer"or maybe you see some empty tennis courts marked as reserved and think "There must be a better way!"well, yippee ka yay we got the project for you! 
 Being blind should never be seen as a disadvantage. They deserve to experience life just like everyone else, without the fear and the risk to get hurt & of course, they need the confidence to go out in solo trips and find a joy in their own company. Our goal was to create something that would be the “guardian” of the blind.  
  
 To develop this project we got the inspiration by noticing the rural areas people without internet. 
 When I first learned Alexa was open-sourced, I wanted to get one. In a deal with my dad, he gave me an Amazon Echo, and I started developing an app for him. As a real estate broker, he wanted me to build a properties' search. The final product was pretty cool, and we both saw its potential. 
 Digital voice assistants are entering our homes, and are getting better and better at the most natural form of interaction: Spoken dialog.This project aims to take advantage of this technology to make it easier than ever for users to contribute to proofreading Khan Academy translations. 
 It started as an effort to help a friend who needed a microSD card to load a custom Linux image for his Raspberry Pi. I gave him my card, and he backed up all the data, and then attempted to format it using dd.It did not work. And there began the hell that lasted for multiple hours that killed a computer and injured another, spit out error codes that were not in OSX/Linux documentation, and confused and challenged and generally wasted the time of many hackers. 
  
 We have many companies that are missing an easy and smooth way to brand themselves in their Microsoft Outlook emails. Today they only have one branding space which is the autosignature function. The challenge with the autosignature is that it appears at the bottom and while we are reading our emails on mobile devices we more often wont come down to the bottom of the email. If we have our subscriptionlink, Social Media links, videolinks etc. here the brand value is decreasing.  Furthermore there is many companies who wants to streamline their daily email communication with their own design.Saving time in all aspects is crucial for all companies and saving time is meaning saving money. 
 My inspiration was ScreenSnipe - a JIRA and Confluence plugin we recently archived on the Atlassian Marketplace. ScrenSnipe was developed with Java Applets technology which is almost dead now, hence my idea to create a new plugin in pure HTML5. The first version is for JIRA Server with essential functionalies. Plans we evaluate revolve around JIRA Cloud and Confluence versions. 
  
 This is a game concept I thought up during a French lesson a while back and it's fantastic to finally see it come to life especially considering that at the start of last year I had no knowledge whatsoever in programming. This game has been extremely fun to develop and I hope you like it :D 
 Comparing size visually always works much better than just seeing pure numbers. Currently in JIRA Software the sprint backlog estimation process works like this:Scrum Master clicks on a StoryThen it is become possible to put an estimationThen Team can see estimated part backlog as numbersIn Agile Estimate add-on I've tried to improve the way how teams work with sprint backlog estimation. 
 Tech Tammina’s Complaint Board - Incident Management application, using the power of the Appian platform, enables the management of any type of complaint or service request made by employees in an organization. The app allows the user to categorize and prioritize complaints and routes it to the appropriate group/department for resolution. 
 Chat Heroes came about after spending approximately 3 years on the Twitch platform. While we were able to meet and chat with new people, we still felt limited in the ability to express ourselves. Twitch brought games to life, and now Chat Heroes brings chat to life. Being able to communicate with your own, personalized animated characters and multiple interactions brings chat into a whole new dimension. 
  
  
  
 A friend of mine told me about the Amazon Multimodal Contest, #AmazonAlexaMultimodalChallenge, and I thought I'd take a stab at making my first Alexa Skill.  While researching the Amazon Presentation Language I looked for inspiration in my daily life to guide my direction.  One evening, my family and I were trying to decide on what movie we would watch.  This sparked the idea of a fun and interactive decision maker.  Thus was born, "Fork On The Road".  
  
 Farmers lose $17 billion every year from preventable crop loss caused by water stress.California farmers use 26 billion gallons of water every day.We spoke with farmers at the local farmer's market - everyone said the number one problem they have is telling if their crops are suffering from water stress and other deficiencies! 
 Think of any event we go to or any place we go to. There are hundreds and thousands of people. How can we find out who we should connect with or if there are any people worth connecting nearby? We all have that problem. Likemind solves that problem. How it works Given your location, we find nearby tweets and the users who tweeted them  We generate a user's personality using IBM's Personality Insight API on user tweets  We generate a user's interests using Alchemy's keyword extraction API on user tweets and profile  Then we match you against each of the nearby users on personality match and interest match scores Challenges we ran intoSpeed is an issue, since we have to collect users nearby, then collect tweets for those users on real-time. Twitter also has very rigid restrictions on usage. We ended up using ~150 tweets per user for this demo to solve both the speed and twitter restriction problem. Automatically extracting user interests from twitter profile is also challenging. We tried a few of Alchemy API's services, but the problem was they were not very good for tweets. Then we used the keyword service, which returns some garbage, but we did some additional filtering and it ended up being very useful. iOS is a difficult platform to prototype onAccomplishments that we're proud ofWe successfully managed to overcome the challenges of collecting nearby user profiles and finding matches pretty well. We had many exciting feature ideas, we managed very well to define the MVP and execute it in time. What we learnedWe are still learning :-) What's next for LikemindWe got very lucky ourself by finding like minded partners for this hackathon :-) We would see if we can continue working on this afterwards. Built Withalchemyapibluemixibm-personality-insightibm-watsonioskeyword-extractionpythontwitter      Submitted to    NUI Central IBM Watson HackathonWinner                First Place                  Created by  My co-founder, Wasim and I had the original idea. Sam and Asher joined us in #1stWatsonHack. We all refined the idea and worked very well together. I took care of all of backend. Naushad UzZamanUX, branding, copywriting and minimal iOS/Swift code generation ...Sam BeckerDesigner and developer. Creative Director at Brand Union.Foundation of the iOS app. Placeholder UI, object model, backend API integration, iOS services integration.Ash 
  
 Ali is a construction engineer, spent over 6 years managing construction sites for a TOP 3 General Contractor in Europe.Maxence is a software engineer, spent over 5 years developing mobile apps for retail companies, universities, ...They met during a hackathon and developed BulldozAIR, a mobile and web app for the construction industry that helps architects, contractors, engineers collaborate better on the field and in the office.How it worksIt's a note taking app that syncs plans, technical documents, tasks and collaborative notes between the 50 companies on a construction site.Our users do visit of construction sites.They need to inspect thermal leaks for example.They use the tablet with FLIR to take thermal pictures within collaborative notes.They can sketch what needs to be done on the pictures.They locate issues and pictures on blueprints.They set a priority level.They assign a task to another collaborator who will receive this note.The collaborator uses the same app, and replies in the same note.Finally a Word report is automatically generated.BulldozAIR stores all your blueprints. It works offline if you're at a sub-level with no connection. It syncs when you get a connection back. Our backend provides the same sync API to mobile (Android, iOS, Windows 8) and web apps.Challenges I ran intoSDK integration: switching between simulated device and real device, debugging with no connection to XCode or Android Studio (USB port used by the device).Accomplishments that I'm proud ofSo glad we met the FLIR team, we missed them in December, it's great they are back.What I learnedThe hardware in the FLIR One for smartphone is as good as standalone and expensive devices on the market!What's next for BulldozAIR - FLIRWe're strongly committed to publishing this new version of BulldozAIR with the FLIR module. There is a real market here, many of our current customers are interested in the BulldozAIR + FLIR combo. Our landing page is up, ready to get orders... all it needs is the FLIR team approval and their logo!Built WithandroidfliriosjavascriptTry it outbulldozairflir.strikingly.com      Submitted to    FLIR's "Bring the Heat" Hacker and Maker Challenge (SanFran)Winner                Honorable Mention                  Created by  Blockbase BulldozAIRali el haririMaxence LerignerDiana NejdiChristelle PLISSONNEAUPaul Aubineau 
 To reduce the patient queue in hospital for the appointment with the doctor related to patient diseases and queue for the Enquiry  for suitable doctor . So that's why we are come up with a smart Hospital Appointment System to help patients and doctors . it is a part of a Big project and we will add some advance features like user can fix their appointment with doctor whenever he/she wants by using data analysis and other techniques. Features :Patient can check their appointment with doctor whether patient's appointment is possible today or not.After fixing appointment patient can print their appointment letter which will be included patient's diseases description and other details.Can check the availability of doctor in particular Hospital.We will be continue with new features to help patients.To contribute in our project you can on the link : https://github.com/narendra36/HosAppointmentSysWe used the OpenShift to deploy our project . we used php and mysql in our project . To manage our project we used console web interface of OpenShift.link : https://console.hackathon.openshift.com/console/project/myapp/overview Lets help them ! :)Built WithcsshtmlmysqlphpTry it outgithub.commyapp-myapp.0ec9.hackathon.openshiftapps.com      Submitted to    Code Healthy with OpenShift    Created by  I worked on frontend as well as in  backend in HTML, CSS and PHP. Narendra DodwariaI worked on HTML, CSS, some part of PHP and also created MySQL databaseAtul AgarwalI worked on the backend written for the project in PHP and configured the database schemasJalaz KumarTouch the sky with Glory . . .I worked on frontend in HTML and CSS and designing of the project .Atul Kumar 
 Wanted to enable continuous monitoring of mental health for patients with Anxiety Disorders. 
 Our team members are hyped about Machine Learning and UX. We were intrigued by the Sohjoa virtual bus stops challenge. It allowed us to design a bus service we would love to use ourselves: a cheap but efficient alternative for the taxi/uber. We wanted to hack a bunch of state of the art tech together to show how a dynamic bus service could work.The problemEvent organizers have trouble getting their attendees to the event venue. Public transportation may not be enough and organizing custom transportation is expensive and time-consuming. The best practice for custom transportation so far is to organize a route from a pre-defined point X to the venue using a pre-defined schedule. The customers will still have to travel to point X before they can use the arranged transportation. They will have to schedule their day based on the transportation's schedule. If they don't want to deal with these problems they can choose to use their own car or get a taxi/UBER, which gets expensive really fast.  Technically, this kind of problem is often referred to as the last mile problem. We wanted to tackle a variation of this: the first mile problem. Even with just some tens of passengers there are millions of possible routes between them, let alone when a third variable, time, is taken into account.The solutionOur project for Junction 2016 aims to solve the transportation problem by using Sohjoa to organize dynamic and cost controlled custom transportation. Our concept is a tool for event organizers and public transportation decision makers that allows them to design dynamic routing for the self-driving bus. If the surroundings of a location are pre-scanned the bus can plan and drive routes that are planned on-the-go.  Our tool makes the required optimizations to the route, chooses a smart way to transport people from their desired pick-up location and tells Sohjoa which route and schedule to follow during the transportation. The use cases1) Event transportationEvents organize group transportation to boost visitor counts. Doing this in a cost efficient way is what really matters. Unlike public transportation there is a more clear business model: people bring in money, so it is worth investing money to bring them to the event. Our routing algorithm allows prioritization by cost, which means that people can be transported on a price per visitor basis.2) The commuter's first mileCurrently public transportation is organized around node points such as railway or metro stations. However, the last mile or so is often the most unconvinient for a commuter. Busses to less populated areas leave seldomly and can't stop at everyones home. Our service can create efficient routes that transport everyone from and to the general area of their home - adjusting dynamically to demand thus being able to take the shortest route to the destination.  The techThe service is running on a node.js server, with React and Redux used for the web UI. Our algorithms are written in Python so we can leverage state of the art Machine Learning libraries.1) Clustering user data  - Recursive DBSCAN machine learning algorithm to reduce the complexity of the spacetime data.2) Sjukstra routing  - Customized Djikstra that takes into account cost-factors that are specific to electric buses3) Routing with EMBERS  - Leveraging Embers route planning to get fast routes between virtual bus stops4) Data visualisation with leaflet  - Intuitive and easy to use planning and visualisation tool for virtual bus stops5) Telegram (SujuBot) end user demo  - Example of an end user UI. Helps envision how the service would look for an end user.  AccomplishmentsThe project required long hours and took our very best effort. In the end, even though at times we had problems and didn't always feel like we were progressing, we were able to create a prototype of a service that helps better imagine what is possible and how shared transportation could work. We have coded through the entire night and currently have our fingers crossed that our pitcher will stay awake through Sunday.Our main challenges were parametrizing and developing algorithms to solve the initial routing problem, we had to develop them almost from scratch. Integrating our different parts to a seamless and consistent service took lots of time and effort. Lastly, it was difficult to prioritize and scope a presentable MVP, the problem was complex and had numerous points of possible failure.What's nextOur project is left open ended. It could be taken towards multiple of development directions, but only time will tell. We hope that during the judging phase we will get inspiring suggestions or feedback on our project.Built Withazuredbscanemberses6leaflet.jsnode.jsnumpypostgresqlpythonradixreactreduxsassscikit-learntelegramTry it outsuju.onlinegithub.com      Submitted to    Junction 2016Winner                Main Prize              Winner                Embers Challenge              Winner                Sohjoa Robotbus Challenge              Winner                Track Finalists                  Created by  Deployed code to server, consulted algorithms and added very small touches on the frontend.Aleksi JokelaI developed some front endJere VaaraThe mom of the team. Also did the backend connecting the cool stuff with the pretty stuff.Matti ParkkilaHenri NurmiAleksi Tella 
 Even though there is tremendous value in recording and sharing traditional small scale K-12 lectures, this isn’t done because of the high technological complexity and cost. Also, students from the 3rd world do not have access to a quality education like we do in America. We wanted to build something that will help educate the poor and unfortunate. 
 Managing your contacts is difficult, especially when you meet someone new. Should you ask for a mobile phone? Email address? Or maybe Skype nickname? Whatever way you choose, you will still find yourself linking that person on more social media afterwards. Why not do it in one go with an easy-to-use app?What if you have to meet new people for business all the time? Then, your life turns into endless flow of business cards with no real structure and a simple way to organise it! Our app aims to become your electronic business card library and your business card on the go: search both your home and work contacts easily and have your business card with you wherever you go. Avoid the hassle with paper business cards!How it worksA person downloads an app and goes through a simple sign-up process that allows to add personal and work contacts like Facebook, LinkedIn etc. (only Email Address is implemented right now). Afterwards, the person takes a personal picture to be used for face recognition (in future, the Face Recognition library will be also filled up with profile images from added social networks). Ready to go!Recognising someone and adding a their contacts is as easy as taking a picture of that person!Challenges we ran intoFace recognition doesn't really work well - different camera configurations, different lighting or even haircut and glasses screwed up the process. Thus, in the future, we need to add more reliable identification techniques like Fingerprint recognition (when the devices are equipped appropriately) with a fallback to techniques like NFC, Bluetooth or QR Code scanning.Having a centralised server for all the functionality means that we can roll out updates and have total control over the core of our app. However, it also means that the app can't function offline or if the server goes down. Meanwhile, doing Face recognition on the device is difficult due to all the SDKs out there (some of which are limited to the processor chips, e.g., Snapdragon SDK).Using Ionic and Cordova for making an app was a really good choice due to rapid view design process, but the framework sometimes behaves unexpectedly on the actual device. Lack of on-device JavaScript debugging makes development quite a horrifying process.Accomplishments that we're proud ofWe were advised to have a look at Parse backend-as-a-service and it worked out really great for us. Our backend server is just a single file with less than 250 lines of code!Doing a complex app that interacts with a server, uses camera and Face recognition only by means of HTML5, CSS and JavaScript is exciting and is quite an accomplishment on its own. A couple of years ago we never could imagine using thick technology stack in such a way!What we learnedWe had no prior experience in Ionic or Face recognition, so we learnt a great deal. We applied Ionic framework to bootstrap a simple cross-platform app really quickly. We discovered Parse - great alternative to managing your own database. We figured out the ins and outs of Face recognition with current technologies.What's next for Ice BreakerRefactoring! And lots of it! App in it's current state is very much a fragile prototype, so we need to improve it's code quality. Changing the app engine from Ionic to something like Xamarin.Forms (more native yet still cross-platform) will improve the performance and may give us a chance to use the some on-device Face recognition techniques.Adding more contact sources will always remain needed (especially right now, when we only have a single email) - integration with all the social networks like Facebook, Twitter, Google+ (for personal contacts) and LinkedIn (for work contacts) is crucial.What if you already have a collection of Business Cards? We could use Artificial Intelligence to smartly recognise your collection of paper Business Cards and automatically create an electronic entry with all the details (Name, Email, Age etc.)Limiting ourselves to Business Cards for people is quite boring! We could use the renowned iBeacon technology to implement Business Cards for Places. Why not add your favourite food place while you're there to keep track of latest updates and deals? :)Built Withandroidapacheclientcloudcsscss3face-recognitionhtmlhtml5ioniciosjavascriptkairosparsephprestsdkserver      Submitted to    Great Uni Hackathon 2015    Created by  Eric HripkoBoris BenchevBarbara Borges 
 One of the largest pain points of going to any event is the registration or checkin lineup.One of the main problems is that the registration people have to flip through reams of paper trying to find the person's name. While the event may be organized, the anti-pattern that happens is when the event organizers try to print out the spreadsheet of their guests/attendees.Reconciling paper is tedious and error-prone.Event Organizers can try to share it via the Share function for Excel. But smartphones and tablets were not really meant for Excel spreadsheet.. It's also difficult for staff/users to search and update records.What organizers really need is some sort of way to share the spreadsheet, maintain control but allow maximum efficiency and collaboration. Like the tools that exists for sharing images (imgur.com) or links (bit.ly), but designed for spreadsheets and tabular information. 
  
  
  
 Ever wanted to play a game with your friends but not had enough controllers? Have a phone? Have an internet connection? With our software, you can now connect to an online multiplayer game, using your phone as a controller. 
 Smart wearableSave time in styleNew cool Zitec product 
 I strongly believe that visualizations is the best form of presentation. Yet if you sit in any lecture or meeting, all you get are bullet points. Type diagram is a diagramming solution provided as an Office add that tries to alleviate this problem. 
  
  
 I'm often curious about the health benefits of my favorite food products. I always find the information I'm looking for on google. But the sites I find have just way too much information. Benefitsy will condense it to only a few points to make it easily digestible.Built Withamazon-cloudfront-cdnbackbone.jsbotanical-illustrationscocoonngrokrefileruby-on-rails    Created by  Design + Code!Robin Boutroshello 
 A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business.Henry FordWe weren't inspired by some life-changing experience, or by a vision to be the greatest in all of history.As students, we wanted more from our grade data. So we created the first solution.How it worksThe best way to experiment is through daily utility -- so that'sexactly how we've setup our first version.The first version of The Gradebook is built as an extension of the learning information platform Infinite Campus. In setting our application up this way, we can access existing student data, building up our platform on a system that our own school uses to store grade data.When a student signs into their school portal, we use the existing API to download all of their grade data, then we reorganize it in a way that makes it more visually pleasing, easier to understand, and more navigable.FunctionalityTheoretical Grading: Your grading platform should extend beyond the present -- we make that happen. With theoretical grading, you can add in future grades to see how it would affect your existing grade. Don't get blindsided by critical grade dumps that change your grade.Built-In Notifications: When you open the application, you're presented with any new updates to your grades. Click on any notification to immediately scroll to that class.Beautiful User Interface: Our user interface minimizes convolution while focusing on what matters most. The app is just a frame, your grades are the real content.Faster Refresh Rates: Because we solely focus on grades, we can grab your data faster. As soon as we have all of your raw grade data, we cut off the stream, minimizing data usage and maximizing download times. No extra student information is downloaded, giving us an edge over traditional platforms.Extreme Ubiquity: Our app is available on iOS and Android, with user interfaces specific to each platform. Download it at grdbk.comChallengesSince there aren't any other products in our market, we had to paveour own path.Information Learning SystemThe world of student gradebook data is a battle of the big companies: Powerschool, Infinite Campus, and many other solutions are going to head-to-head with claims over parts of the American education system. That level of fragmentation made it hard to determine where to start. Since our school,  Adlai E. Stevenson High School, uses Infinite Campus, we started with that.Initial RoleOur end goal is to provide broad-variety analytics to both students and teachers regarding overall trends in classes based on the teacher, the school, and pretty much any other possible filter. But that's a bit macroscopic -- so we started small.We decided to start off by just helping students make sense of where their grades are, and where they could be heading. Therefore we built a system that can grab student data and then provide theoretical grading.Student PrivacyStudent data has to be handled extremely responsibly, so we've done our best not to overstep. All data is solely stored locally and all calculations are done on the device in real-time. We want to shift over to a server (in beta), but we want more help and to invest more time into developing a secure server-client infrastructure first.Bug FixesWe have a small team of 3 active students, balancing our coding lives with all of our extracurriculars and academics. We often find ourselves staying up late trying to solve bugs only to find out there are more that have been discovered. Everyone is in extremely unique grading situations, and we often find ourselves tweaking our code to deal with unanticipated situations.DemographicsThough our market is the entire student population in America, we can't reach them all at once. For now, we've limited our marketing and setup to our school community: Adlai E. Stevenson High School in Lincolnshire, Illinois. We want to continue to expand outside of our community, and to move onto different information learning systems so we can access people who don't use Infinite Campus as well.AccomplishmentsCreated the first real student analytic platformCompleted our application & pushed it to the market in under 6 monthsFollowed up the iOS version with an Android version in under 3 monthsUsed by 50% of potential demographic (local school population of 4000+)News coverage in local school paper with interviewLessons LearnedBefore pushing to market, the beta process is extremely importantDesign the UI carefully, changing it radically post-release disturbs user comfortWhen someone asks for a feature, adding it makes them a loyal userConsistent updates keep users happyLoyal/happy users recommend your software to friendsUnorganized code inhibits code scalabilityUp NextThe Gradebook is still in its infancy. We have a couple of short termand long term goals that drive our process.Short Term Expand to the greater Chicago areaBuild a server to allow cross-user analyticsLong TermSupport other information learning systems (i.e Pearson's PowerSchool) or work with PowerSchool/Infinite Campus to bring our features to their native platformsProvide advanced analyticsBuilt Withafnetworkingandroidcocoapodsgoogle-analyticsiosjavamongodbobjective-ctomcatTry it outwww.grdbk.comitunes.apple.complay.google.com      Submitted to    Make School's Student App Competition 2017Winner                10 Upvote Prize                  Created by  iOS Developer, Project Manager, and Back-end DevelopmentAli RahmanDeveloped Android versionPranav PuttaAditya MansharamaniFull stack web developer and hackathon addict, not necessarily in that order. 
 In the Milenial era, consumers are becoming more and more interested in the stories behind a product and do not settle with only the quality of it. Ensuring the authenticity/appellation of origin of that and making visible the process that reminds behind we are able to give more value to a brand's product. 
  
 The inspiration came to us when Chris gave the introductory note on the work they are doing at HomeBase. This was followed with a small conversation where we spoke to Chris about all different tasks they plan to complete on IoT for example triggering a coffee machine with the alarm you set to wake yourself up. Me and my teammate spent next few hours discussing different ideas and studying how existing models are working. As this is the Tornado season at Manhattan we decided to go ahead with the idea to create a weather Alert system using existing hardware and APIs. How we built itWe spent initial hours discussing various interesting ideas we came up with and wrote designs for few of them. This was followed by feasibility discussion of these ideas :D . Finally we decided to work on weather Alert system. After finalizing the design we decided to make a mobile application. It was getting difficult to decide platforms to work and therefore we came up with an idea of a web-based application.  We wrote the code on HTML and PHP and used LIFX and OpenWeatherMap APIs . We have implemented following functionalities.Switching Lights On/OffSetting lights to desired colors.Control brightness of the light.Implemented Special Effects - Pulse effectsWeather Alert - This is the most vital functionality. Using current user location (Longitude and Latitude ) we fetch data from OpenWeatherMap. This returns JSON data with different details about weather. There are three major categories of weather status returned - Clouds , Rain and Clear. When status is "Rain" we invoke a pulse notification with Blue color that notifies user of Rain. If the weather status is Clouds we give a mild purple color pulse. This indications help user to stay updated without looking at their digital devices. As this is a visual stimulus it quickly grabs user attention and saves them from missing any update (SMS or alarms can be overlooked if they are silent or in other rooms). These alerts then help users in planning their schedules such as - meetings or travels. As, this is a web based application so it can be easily modified into an i-OS or android based mobile application. Demos - https://youtu.be/nSY-xDraPCEhttps://youtu.be/JAF_W9bzmV4Challenges we ran intoWe came up with several ideas initially but the biggest hurdle we ran was hardware to test the implementation. Also, there are no online simulators and very limited API for devices. Accomplishments that we're proud ofThis was our first Hackathon and this was a great experience. We are proud that we were able to come up with a submission for our first Hackathon.What we learnedWe had very limited knowledge about Internet of Things, IoT is a buzz word and touted to be the future we did not have any exposure in this area. Hack k-state has given us an opportunity to learn and understand IoT.What's next for HomeBase_WeatherAlert We plan to extend weather updates to alerts such as Firewatch, Tornadoes etc.  Extend the application to work with other home appliances , for example coffee makers and geysers with alarms, fitness bands with Refrigerators etc. We will integrate these appliances to monitor their energy consumption and optimize energy usage and reduce electricity bills.Built Withcsshtml5jquerylifxopenweathermapphpTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    Hack K-State    Created by  Teammate in this projectShubh ChopraDhananjay Mehta 
  
 I always forget to text my Mum! 
  
 Increasing crime in the city, public shootings in the country and an overall concern for public safety 
 Anatomy is considered as one of the most comprehensive topics which often challenge students in general. Learning anatomy is difficult as it usually costs significant time and effort to memorize and comprehend. Our MedReality website provides an impactful solution to increase lively study environment and promote students imagination in learning anatomy. MedReality is a virtual reality website providing students exclusive experiences including several vibrant and descriptive anatomical lessons in both human and animals. Our inspiration is to allow students to both train by themselves and in groups, as multiple users can join a virtual space and experience a human and animal anatomy demonstration.Additionally, this framework is deployed with an AI system which was trained on a cloud using human expert ground truth. The system's purpose is able to assist disease diagnosis,  medical imaging segmentation or even quantification. 
  
 I am a computer science student and the most basic thing on my studies is E-learning it was so hard to follow the lessons as in the classroom  so i decided to solve all the problems that I have  meet before  
 Machine learning/artificial intelligence is an emerging field, and we wanted to apply this profound technology to an everyday use case - the smartphone. Privacy and security are especially important in the 21st century, and we wanted to apply machine learning fundamentals to learn a user's pattern unlocking tendencies and be able to detect intruders who may know the phone's unlock pattern. 
  
 Enviro aims to connect people who wish to do something for the environment on a common app based platform. The app connects users living in the same neighborhood based on zip code and lets them post an environmental issue that affects local residents , also host events which can bring them together . The chat option and point based ranking system motivates them to be engaged with each other and thereby do their bit for the environment collectively.FeaturesIssue reporting platformEnviro lets users post a picture and add a small description about an environmental hazard in his vicinity . The photo and description is visible to all users nearby and anyone can share it with the concerned officials and also view the exact location . Once the issue is resolved , the reporter can close the issue himself or any other user can send him a issue close request and thereby close fixed issues.Event hosting platformWith Enviro users can host environmental events at a common public place with a predefined date and time. Other users from the same vicinity can view the events and RSVP to the same.ChatChat about events , issues with the nearest Enviro users and collaborate online to transform single person movements to groups and thereby make a substantially larger impact. It can also be used to form carpooling groups , common nature preservation events , organize talks and take measures to curb various types of pollution.Point based leader-boardA leader-board based on points to inject a positive competitive spirit among users and thereby induce continuous activity on the environment and app which also inspires other users to follow suit300 points on signing up.50 points for every new issue reported.20 points for hosting an event.15 points for joining an event.2 points for sending a message.How we built itWe built it using Android studio and Parse as the backend for content and activity .Challenges we ran intoImplementing location based filtering and chat Accomplishments that we're proud ofNew issue reporting , events and chat functionality is stable . Point system is working like a charm and the app uses minimal memory and data. The developers were in two continents and the collaboration part went smooth and quick and involved exactly 10 git commits . What's next for EnviroThe app needs to go deep into users , maybe also tweak the points algorithm to better rank users . Get feedback from users and turn the app into a market ready app with improved UI/UX , performance and options . An admin panel online for officials to view exact locations and detailed info of the problem is also in the pipelineBuilt Withandroidgoogle-mapsparsepicassoTry it outplay.google.comgithub.com      Submitted to    Innovating for Environmental Health    Created by  Royce Raju BeenaLoves travelling , following football( mostly ARSENAL) , bike rides . Plays with android for a living and as a hobby too .Nithin David Thomas 
 “Charity begins at home, and should not end there.”- UnknownCertain NGOs and religious establishments cater to poor or underprivileged people by giving away used good quality household items.These organizations are key part of helping in the betterment of the society. Due to an absence of an online system that can keep track of the demand and supply of used items, these requests usually take long to get fulfilled. This inspired us to fill that gap and build an app that can help these organizations and the people who need them. 
 Liz Olson had the idea while thinking how to better show UO pride at games. Originally thought of emulating the Autzen jumbotron noisemeter on jerseys, embedded within the number of jerseys. We transformed this idea this weekend to an option that is cheaper, so more fans have it, more interactive, and has more versatility for more athletic teams to be supported. 
 We love music and free content as much as you do, and we thought it would be cool to give people the opportunity of having their own computer generated music to do whatever they want. 
 Have you ever wanted to play something like soccer, basketball, or poker but don’t know how to find such games nearby? Or maybe you already have some friends interested to join but there are not enough people? If either of the answers is “yes”, JoinLah is the right app for you 
 It all started when we looked at the different tracks that Junction offered. We are all familiar with services like Uber and Airbnb, but what about fashion? We all have a lot of different clothes just laying around in our apartments; clothes that we barely use. The grass is always greener on the other side, and we constantly want new items of clothing, so why not borrow from each other? 
 We were inspired by the Jarvis robot in Iron Man. 
 Frustrated and getting stuck at exits of train stations.  
 There is no better place to collaborate and create great content than Confluence. I wanted to use Confluence for internal company work and also for creating and updating the public company website and product documentation. Using Confluence for both means the team has one tool to learn, a great content editor, comments and collaboration, and all the other goodies Confluence provides.While I could point customers to a Confluence Cloud instance I wanted a super fast and responsive website so customers get what they are looking for as quickly as possible, making them happier. I also wanted pretty URLs (https://arijea.com/ vs https://arijea.atlassian.net/, for example).Bringing these things together led to the creation of Instant Websites for Confluence. 
  
 600,000 Facebook accounts are hacked every day [1].In May 2016, 24 million Gmail accounts were hacked [2].String passwords aren't very secure, because anyone can type a password. But only you have your face! 
 In the beginning, people wrote events down and posted it on the wall. Currently, we are using email to share events information. In the era of new media, spams make us lose our sight of important emails contain events information. Tiger Event is a new media platform allows people to gather information easily.  
  
  
 Memes 
 Office Floor Plan Navigator was inspired by the need to solve the problem of locating people, meeting rooms, etc. within an indoor setting.  There are a plethora of mapping systems for the outdoor world, so, why not create a mapping system for the indoor world?What?Office Floor Plan Navigator takes indoor building floor plans and turns them into an interactive mapping platform allowing you to assign a location to anything from your favorite pen to a meeting room. How?Office Floor Plan Navigator is built using an open source web based Geographic Information System (GIS) JavaScript framework. To retrieve data from Office 365, we use the Microsoft Graph API to pull user profile data including the thumbnail image. The Microsoft Graph API is called via PHP.  Assign a unique ID (add to any Azure AD field) to a desk, printer or meeting room, then, use Office Floor Plan Navigator to attach an XY coordinate to the ID.  Then, query the Azure AD for a person etc and Office Floor Plan Navigator will zoom to the corresponding XY location on the office floor plan and bring up their profile details.The custom SharePoint Employee Directory is built via ASP.net.  The embedded Office Floor Plan Navigator employs the use of a SharePoint web part and an iframe.Challenges?A couple of technical glitches were encountered when registering the application.  Permission to read user profiles did not appear to  be granted.  After much random clicking this was resolved.Also, one annoyance discovered was the lack of profile information integration between Azure AD,  Office 365 user manager, and SharePoint Online.  One example would be having to upload a thumbnail employee photo to each system to keep in sync.What's next?Live employee tracking and asset management.Application links:Floor Plan Navigator DemoSharePoint Online DemosUsername:  michaelscott@laudontechInc.onmicrosoft.comPassword:  Office365!Built Withazure-adgisjavascriptmicrosoft-graph-apioffice-365openlayersphpsharepoint-onlineTry it outwww.floorplanmapper.comlaudontechinc.sharepoint.com      Submitted to    Hack Productivity 3    Created by  To put this project together PHP and JavaScript were employed to interface with the Microsoft Graph API.Mark LaudonFloor Plan Mapper transforms your office floor plans into an interactive, dynamic, clickable office employee map.  
  
 The inspiration of building this web-app is to preserve and share our beautiful memories. WhenHub API is used so that people can easily organize and cast their photos and albums in whencast.    
 JIRA has an action menu that allows you to do any action in JIRA just by typing '.' and the action. I wanted the same for Confluence.In our company //SEIBERT/MEDIA GmbH we do a 24h hackathon twice a year. This project was made within the last hackathon from 27th July 4pm to 28th July 4pm. So this plugin was made within 24h. 
 As interns, we had to search around a lot during our first weeks here and ask tons of questions during our learning process at Wayfair. Hours were spent browsing the KB and Slack channels. During this time, we noticed things that we could do to improve the answer-hunting experience. We created Wayflow (Wayfair + StackOverflow) in order to address these concerns. 
 I believe many organisation has not adopted SharePoint Online in Office 365 because it is simply to complicated to access when you want to save or find content. As most of the information we get today are on mail, this should be avilable directly from the mail client. In additions, when ever a O365 Group, Planner, or Team is created a Group site is created. Saving files and or e-mails into these sites should be easy and done directly from Outlook on any device.A simple way of saving email and attachments from Outlook to SharePoint Online and Group sites. Not only on an Outlook Client for Windows. This feature should be avilable using webmail, on Outlook for MAC and also on IOS and Androide devices. 
  
 To contrast the surge in demand for language education spurred by the current refugee crisis, affected countries are training a surplus of instructors and teachers who's employment will only last 5-10 years due to the transient nature of the crisis - not a sustainable workforce, unfortunately. Education is one of the major costs in the integration and inclusion of refugees, and once successful, it will invalidate the thousands of teachers and skill hours developed to contrast the temporary crisis. Countries like Germany and Sweden are turning to automation - Germany for example, developed an official app for refugee language education, and is using $5,000 NAO robots to supplement education supervised by teachers. 
 "Last year, I was in Dharavi, the largest slum in India. Being an informal community, residents cannot rely on the government to provide for them so any initiatives in the community need to be self led. For instance, there was a well in this community used to be a source of life for locals, providing for irrigation and personal use. However, since it became polluted, it can no longer be used and it has remained this way for years. With our commUnity app, a proactive individual can lead the way in getting residents to collaborate in restoring the well to its former glory. This is just one type of use case, with commUnity being a great platform for organizing social community events and philanthropic initiatives." -William 
 Today, the biggest challenge is to achieve a faster and more reliable close, and many departments are waking up to the fact that they need a reporting solution with the functionality to meet growing complexity. For all such use cases we have a bot performing these repetitive activities and a business user to finally approve that report. This approval activity can at times get really tedious and be prone to human errors.  
 I was inspired by the innovative tools that I was learning about at the most recent AWS Summit here in New York (Checkout the presentations on SlideShare and Youtube if you haven't already.)I knew that I wanted to use AWS Lambda to run "Event-Driven Code in the Cloud" as they put it, and when they showed us how simple it was to create an HTTP endpoint for your Lambda functions the first thing that sprung to mind was a scraper that would take Devpost pages and return JSON.How it worksIt's a little quirky to work with since you'll need to make POST requests in order to retrieve your data as JSON, since the new API Gateway/Lambda combination doesn't seem to have anyway to support URL parameters yet. Here is the example CURL command I would execute to scrape my portfolio:$ curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"screen_name":"MGerrior"}' https://iii3mdppm7.execute-api.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/prod/UserPortfolioEndpointObviously you will want to replace my screen name with your screen name to obtain data related to you. It's not built as a crawler yet, so it will only return information that is visible when you first view your portfolio on Devpost.The API uses Amazon's new API Gateway that provides built in caching and throttling out of the box. The API endpoint is the hooked up to a Lambda function that is executed when the request is received. The Lambda function then scrapes the page, formats it as a JSON response, and returns it to the API Gateway which subsequently returns it to you.Challenges I ran intoOne of the challenges that I ran into was finding resources for learning how to work with these tools. They're both fairly new services (API Gateway was just announced at the summit a week ago), so finding resources online outside of the official docs was not easy. I additionally ran into some issues with the Grunt tasks I was using from grunt-aws-lambda since it was producing empty zip files for me to upload to Lambda, but I eventually just zipped the files myself.Accomplishments that I'm proud ofI'm pretty proud that I was able to get this up and running in just a few hours as part of Dev Thursday here at Devpost.What I learnedI learned that I hate writing Java. As of right now AWS Lambda mainly supports two runtime environments which are node.js and Java. I couldn't figure out how to get NPM modules loaded in Lambda (Save yourself some time, just read this) so I decide I would just use Java instead and take advantage of all the built-in libraries, or so I thought. After struggling with Eclipse, and then struggling to install the AWS SDK for Eclipse (something something Data Tools Platform?), I switched back to node.js and bundled the npm modules as a ZIP file thanks to the guide above.What's next for Unofficial Devpost APII want to figure out how to add CORS headers to the responses from the API Gateway so that developers on Devpost can integrate this data into third party sites such as their portfolio by doing something as simple as:$.post("https://iii3mdppm7.execute-api.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/prod/UserPortfolioEndpoint", {screen_name: "MGerrior"}, function(data) {  // Add your projects to the DOM});If you try that right now the request will fail for security purposes since the Access-Control-Allow-Origin header is not set in the response.Also, it wouldn't hurt for this to have more endpoints, or to just build an actual API for Devpost.Built Withamazon-web-servicesaws-api-gatewayaws-lambdacheerio.jsgrunt-aws-lambdagrunt.jshtmljavascriptnode.jsnpmrequest      Submitted to    Your First API | Summer Jam    Created by  Matthew GerriorSenior Software Engineer @ Devpost 
  
  
  
 The genius behind Summer Jam is Richard. He came up with the idea of a series of online hackathons throughout the summer and recruited an internal team to help him get it off the ground. We all went to summer camp as kids, and Richard encouraged us to use that theme on the landing page and overall branding. Holly came up with the fabulous logo and color scheme, while Neal knocked out a basic landing page and steered the team towards the Jam / Jamboree language. Once we had a basic page, Holly went back and rewrote all of Neal's hacky CSS and created high-res assets mobile. Keeping it leanWe chose to keep the stack light, relying on only Pure, retina.js, and google fonts. No jQuery here.We also used deep-link.js to add a mobile-only What'sApp sharing link. Neal's pretty proud of that bit.Accomplishments we're proud ofAs a small, but growing team, we have some conflicting priorities. We want to move quickly. Want to be methodical. We want to be flawless. We want to cut through red tape. And we want to get it done. We designed, wrote, and implemented the site without almost any engineering help. We hosted it on GitHub pages and setup a CNAME to map it to the summerjam.challengepost.com subdomain.This setup has allowed the Summer Jam team to make edits without leaching resources from engineering or slowing down our product development process. New copy? Neal can push it. New sponsor logos? Holly will create a new branch and merge it. We need to add Eventbrite links? No problem!What's next for Summer Jam?About half of the Summer Jam hackathons are live right now, with four more on deck (Maps as Art, Internet of Things, Your First API, and The Bionic Hacker). We're also hosting happy hours at WeWork Labs in New York (6/30) and San Francisco (7/9) in the next couple weeks. We really hope you'll join us and jam all summer!Built Withcssgithubgoogle-fontshtmljavascriptpixie-dustpureretina.jsTry it outgithub.comsummerjam.challengepost.com    Created by  HTML, the name, and pushing Holly to make pull requests.Neal ShyamI write Devpost's weekly newsletter. I also write code.I had a blast with the branding & design for this series, plus some fun with CSSHolly TiwariProduct Manager & Designer at DevpostRichard MurbyBusiness Development @ Devpost 
 We all love money hacks. When it comes to renting a room during a visit to a place is a waste of money. We usually use a hotel room for refreshment and rest purpose which is fulfilled in at max 3-4 hours of stay. This waste our money as we have to pay for the whole day but there is solution for it. 
  
 Siyuan: Being a person who identified as a Hard of Hearing student in UW-Madison, I was aware that many people did have stereotypes against Deaf or Hard of Hearing(DHOH) people. Many people consider the DHOH community as an isolated community and they hope DHOH people could communicate with hearing people by spoke language. However, in Deaf culture, many DHOH people really enjoy communicating with others and they love to use American Sign Language (ASL) to engage in communication. Therefore, I want to use a mobile app to help people who are interested in ASL to improve their fingerspelling skills.Harry: As a person grow up with a cochlear implant, I can feel the world with sound or not. It's a very special experience and I want people to learn more about this special group. A mobile app would be a perfect platform to learn some interesting facts about the deafness, so I took Siyuan's invitation immediately when she asked me to join.Yuren: Actually, I did not meet many DHOH people before I came to Madison for undergraduate study. After I came here, I met and made friends with different people within the DHOH community. The more I get in touch with this community, the more I want to learn about it. Therefore, when Siyuan asked me whether I wanted to join her for this project, I joined without hesitation. 
 We knew from the offset that we wanted to do a hardware-based hack. We began with the several sensors available to us that could interface with the Qualcomm Dragonboard. Of particular interest were vibrational sensors. After considering our options, we settled on using a sound sensor to deduce structural integrity and composition of materials. We decided that a great way to test this technique would be with watermelons. After finding a 2004 paper that empirically demonstrated a relationship between vibrational modes and watermelon quality, we realized that this project would be feasible. While the authors of the paper conducted acoustical analyses, we decided, based on the time available to us and because we felt it was more aligned with the spirit of HackTJ, to use a neural network to differentiate watermelon quality. What It DoesWe prototyped a portable watermelon quality sensing device that delivers a sound producing impulse through a servo and records the corresponding sound. The recorded sound is fed into a trained neural network that determines whether or not the sound corresponds to a higher quality watermelon.How We Built ItFirst, we opened Qualcomm and tried to boot it up. After figuring out how to use the DragonBoard, we began researching how to use the electrical components while also making the neural network. While this was happening, we also brainstormed a procedure to gather data and prototyped an arm that would be attached to the servo, which we later 3D printed. Initially, we used a spy camera and microphone, but because it didn’t work, we switched to using a webcam. Afterward, we collected data using the sensor, fed the data into the neural network to train it, and wired up the actual apparatus.Challenges and AccomplishmentsThe microphone that came with spy camera did not function correctly; the signal obtained from the microphone was not clean, as a result, the .wav file was full of beeping noises that rendered data uselessThe 96Boards that came with Qualcomm DragonBoard was causing kernel panics on the DragonBoard; we solved this by giving the 96boards an additional USB power supplyWanted to do a project on watermelons; did not have watermelons; solved by getting watermelons3D printed arm did not fit onto servo, filed down components so that they fitOvercoming hardware issues by employing gracious professionalism among peers: borrowed camera due to nonfunctional cameraNeural network arrays did not align up: kept fiddling till workedSuccessfully collected dataArtificially created a controlled simulation for bad watermelonServo was not strong enough so we used knuckles to apply consistent sound generating impulse to the watermelonCame up with a fun and challenging project ideaWhat We LearnedHardware problems that can’t be fixedGathering and processing audio data from microphonesLearned that python code can be super annoyingUsing GitHub, transferring dataDifficult to roll watermelonsLearning how to use Qualcomm boardLibrary-specific sensors to DragonBoardImportant to be patient when debuggingWhat's Next For IoT HackTJ ProjectUpgrading hammer/servoA more comprehensive training setExpanding fruit typeCreating a more portable deviceBuilt With3d-printer5inch-hdmi-displayarduinoautodesk-fusion-360c++kuman-ky61-micro-servologitech-c920-webcam/microphonepythonqualcom-dragonboard      Submitted to    Hack TJ 6.0Winner                Best Hardware or Other Hack                  Created by  Sophia Wangrichardwang1124Jude_underscore_BShasty88 
  
 Sometimes it's hard to walk a few extra steps to the recycling bin. Sometimes we just don't know what to recycle. Sometimes we just forget. What isn't lazy, has a vast landscape of information, and doesn't forget? A computer. So why not outsource recycling to a cheap IoT recycling bin? 
 We wanted to get rid of the worry of being uncertain if our friends got home and at the same time free individuals from the responsibility of having to let people know when they've arrived at their destination. 
  
 We sought to build an app to bridge the increasing technological divide between smartphones and phones that do not have internet capabilities. As a result, we came up with SMSiri -- a tool that enables users without internet plans on their mobile devices to access the valuable data of the web via text message / SMS. 
 Deciding who to work for is one of the biggest decisions you make. Financial data, stock prices, and cold numbers just aren't enough to pin the rest of your life on.  
  
 Prevalence of Printing Difficulties:Disconcertingly, estimates of printing difficulties range from 5% to as high as 33 % of school-aged children. BUT printing is necessary and useful!Importance of Printing in School:Main method of demonstrating knowledge Comprises 30-60% of a student's day Early handwriting intervention and teaching school success Printing May Strengthen Reading Skills:Action (fine motor) and perception (reading) systems in the brain are linkedPrinting May Help Struggling Readers:In a 2010 study by a neuroscientist, Dr. Harman James 4,  only children who practiced printing showed a change in their brain activation. Those that practiced pointing to letters had no change in brain activationWho struggles the most?In elementary schools, students with low incidence diagnoses have the largest challenges learning to print, including their nameLow Incidence Dx include:Down Syndrome Fetal Alcohol Syndrome Disorder Intellectual DisabilityAutism Spectrum Disorder Many students with low incidence diagnoses have not yet learned to print their name as teenagers!How it worksBased on motor learning theory and current evidence, Printing Like A Pro! uses cognitive strategies for handwriting intervention such as:Numbered arrow cues Verbal-instruction Self-monitoring & evaluation What's next?Use in clinical work with children in school contract(s)  ( those that have access to an android phone or tablet)Evaluate success of app in improving legibility of name printing, with use of  legibility criteria from a standardized handwriting assessment such as the Minnesota Handwriting Assessment ( Reisman, 1999) while monitoring to determine best schedules of intervention ( intensity and duration)Engage in formal research of app, beginning with a pilot studyRevise app as needed based on above testing and use.Built Withandroidandroid-studiogithubjavaphotoshopsqliteTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    Apps4Kids Hackathon    Created by  I was the project manager, and was responsible for the planning and execution of the project including goal/milestone scheduling, team communication and project delivery. I also oversaw any issues with Git, and contributed to both back end and front end development of the app.Tricia JoseI am the occupational therapist that co-designed, with Dr. Zwicker the paper based version of Printing Like a Pro!  I was the Team Lead for this project in the UBC BCCH Apps4Kids Hackathon. Ivonne MontgomeryI worked on the sound implementation using the open source library  SoundPool. I also recorded all voice recordings with my own voice.Laurel ChanWorked on the db API.Helped with setting up github and maintaining itAndrew WongKathy WangHardworker, passionate learner, optimistEd MasonBoya SongEnxin YaoJonathan TongMartin CheungAlek HrycaikoBUILD STUFF! 
  
 I asked some friends (BoeD) and taxi drivers to give me advice. 
  
 Nous avons pensé à utiliser les capacités uniques des villes intelligentes afin de les adapter à leur environnement. En fait, nous savons tous que les villes ne sont pas tout à fait adaptées aux besoins de la planète et consomment beaucoup trop de ressources. Une façon de le faire serait de miser sur la capacité des citoyens à réduire leur empreinte de carbone. Mais comment faire? C'est ici que notre application web sera utile!Ce que l'application faitLe logiciel permet à un utilisateur de mentionner le modèle de son véhicule et ses itinéraires fréquemment empruntés. Notre logiciel calcule le nombre d'émission de carbones utilisées afin de lui démontrer son empreinte carbone liée à ses déplacements. Il pourra ensuite voir l'impact de son déplacement et pourra éventuellement, par exemple, considérer de s'acheter une voiture électrique ou prendre son vélo plus souvent.Comment nous l'avons faitNous avons, de façon générale, divisé notre projet en deux parties : Le “Front”, c’est à dire l’interface utilisateur, et le “Back”, c’est à dire les traitements et calculs nécessaires au fonctionnement de l’application. Nous utilisons des données fournies par Environnement Canada indiquant la consommation d'essence de différents modèles de voitures afin de calculer l'émission de CO2 effectué par les trajets de l'utilisateur.Les défis auxquels nous avons fait faceNous avons rencontré beaucoup d’obstacles pour choisir un sujet pertinent de projet. Nous avons aussi eu de la difficulté à choisir les technologies à utiliser.Ce qui nous rend fiersNous sommes fiers de notre persévérance qui a été grandement mise à l’épreuve et des efforts dédiés à notre passion pour l’informatique!Ce que nous avons apprisNous avons eu l’occasion d’apprendre et de perfectionner nos connaissances dans plusieurs frameworks : node.js, ruby on rails, meteor, express, postgre, angular, bootstrap.Nous avons aussi eu l'occasion de mieux comprendre le fonctionnement d'un Hackathon et cela nous sera utile dans de futurs événements.Quel est la suite pour SmartNebula?Notre application se contente actuellement d'estimer l'empreinte de carbone basée sur le transport, mais cela n'est qu'une partie de l'empreinte de carbone totale d'un individu, qui se complète par les déplacements imposés par tous les achats et services reçus par cet individu et divers autres activités. De plus, l'empreinte de carbone totale n'est aussi qu'une fraction de l'empreinte écologique totale d'une personne. Nous pouvons donc améliorer notre application en recueillant d'autres données afin de mieux évaluer les impacts écologiques de la vie de tous les jours.Built WithcsshtmljavascripttypescriptTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    HackatownWinner                Ivado                  Created by  Dominique Fauteux-ChapleauAlexandre HamelMarc-André GillAntoine Gaulin 
 We were inspired by the famous Garage Band application. We thought music editing might be even cooler if you can collaborate on projects with friends, even if they thousand miles from you. 
  
 Who has never suffer any flight’s delay? Currently there are thousands of flying airplanes all around the world. There are many airports, many companies, many different type of planes that makes really hard to find and explain anomalies in real-time. We believe that we can improve flying services for the companies and the users. 
 We came across an Internet article on Play Therapy for ADHD (Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder) young children. Play Theory suggests that activities that demand ADHD kids to control their movements help them maintain focus. So, we came up with an idea to implement a small yet engaging game to serve the purpose. Because everyone loves Flappy Bird, we decided to base our game on top of it. 
 1 Billion people speak English. Out of the world's 3.5 Billion people that are connected on the internet today. Only 18.9 Million of them are developers. In order for computer science to grow, the programming languages we use have to accommodate the people that are going to use them. 
 Sobr was inspired by the large amount of drunk driving accidents in the U.S. In 2017, there were 10,874 deaths due to drunk driving. Sobr aims to reduce this number by preventing intoxicated drivers from stepping behind the wheel to begin with and providing alternative methods of arriving home.What it Does?Sobr is intended to be an accompanying application for drivers to identify whether or not they are intoxicated before driving. It uses a combination of features detected through facial recognition to unlock the car, as long as the driver is classified as sober. If the driver is classified as intoxicated, a second (different) face must be provided to act as a designated driver.How We Built It?We began by scraping data off a dataset of pictures of human subjects before and after they had consumed alcohol. It was rather difficult to find quality datasets of this nature, and so, we had to make do with a small initial sample.Preprocessing DataWith small sample pool of images collected from 53 participants, we are asked to expand the datasets to avoid underfitting the data. First, we train a Haar Cascade Classifier to detect and extract facial features from the images. From there, we turned to image augmentation for machine learning experiments, based on which we write a script to arbitrarily apply 0, 1, or 2 special effects to the original 212 images. This technique of image augmentation allows us to generate a sample pool of 50,000, equally split between positive and negative samples.Research ProblemWe treat this as a binary classification problem where we identify whether or not the subject in the image is inebriated. We use iOS’s Vision API to detect the most prominent face in the input image, crop the corresponding bounding box, and feed this as the input to all our trained ML models.Prediction SystemThe first half of our prediction architecture is an ensemble of deep convolutional neural networks trained on different randomly sampled subsets of the augmented dataset. We observed experimentally that using an ensemble produced a much more robust and reliable result as compared to what we obtained with a single neural network. Every neural net in the ensemble had the same architecture: We have four convolutional layers that use a 3x3 kernel, each followed by a max-pooling layer that subsamples in a 2x2 area with a 2x2 stride. We use relu activations throughout the network and a softmax activation on the last layer. We used cross entropy loss along with stochastic gradient descent to find optimal weights for the neural network. We used high-memory instances from Google Cloud Platform to train our models since we required significant amounts of RAM to do so. After training, we used CoreML’s keras-to-CoreML converter to transform our model to a format that can directly run on an iOS device.Following through with our intention to build a voting classifier out of several different models, we built a classifier out of Microsoft Cognitive Services’ Custom Vision API on the augmented image dataset. We used the General(Compact) model type and used a probability cutoff that resulted in reasonable precision and recall values.Aggregated ClassifiersWe took a simple majority vote out of all the different classifiers that we use. Because this is a binary classification problem and because we intentionally used an odd number of classifiers, there is no possibility of a tie. The input image is classified to contain an inebriated subject(or not) based upon whichever class secures the majority vote.Challenges We Ran IntoWhen augmenting our dataset, we took a single image that contained four separate images and split the image into four separate images. For each image, two of the images were classified as sober and two were classified as drunk. When doing this, two of the images were mixed, causing our data to be skewed when training our models. The odd thing was that it performed better with the incorrectly labelled data.Accomplishments That We're Proud OfSobr was able to correctly classify intoxicated faces at 90.68% on the validation set. We do not at present have a mechanism to measure the App’s performance, but it still performed relatively well in our subjective evaluation. Also, we were able to connect to the SmartCar API in order to send commands back and forth.Our dataset contained just 212 images in total and we successfully trained a deep neural network that performs well on such a small dataset.DNNs are notorious for overfitting in the presence of small datasets and we overcame this problem through rigorous data augmentation and ensembling several models.We also achieved excellent performance on a challenging deep learning task that has not been explored at all by the community in less than 24 hours.We built a complete, end-to-end iOS application that utilizes the ML models that we built.What We've LearnedFrom the perspective of data engineering, we practiced expanding the sample pool with limited amount of public data available. In terms of data science, we obtained experience manually constructing comprehensive dataset from scratch and came to realize the precious value behind such establishment of such enormous datasets. Lastly, it was fascinating to become aware of how computer science can contribute to novelizing a traditional concept from the past to enable for infinite potential and efficacy well beyond the status quo.What's Next for SobrFor the next steps we would like to refine the model in order to provide more accurate results. Along with this, we would like to add more components to the entire system. For example, a camera could be added to the dashboard to insure that the driver of the vehicle is not intoxicated.ReferencesHermosilla, Gabriel, et al. “Face Recognition and Drunk Classification Using Infrared Face Images.” Journal of Sensors, 2018, doi:10.1155/2018/5813514.Koukiou, G., and V. Anastassopoulos. “Drunk Person Identification Using Local Difference Patterns.” 2016 IEEE International Conference on Imaging Systems and Techniques (IST), 2016, pp. 401–05. IEEE Xplore, doi:10.1109/IST.2016.7738259.Yadav, Devendra Pratap, and Abhinav Dhall. “DIF : Dataset of Intoxicated Faces for Drunk Person Identification.” ArXiv:1805.10030 [Cs], May 2018. arXiv.org, http://arxiv.org/abs/1805.10030.Built Withazurecoremlgcpkerasmicrosoft-custom-visionpythonswifttensorflowTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    TAMUhack 2019Winner                Best Car App using the Smartcar API              Winner                TAMUhack 2019 Third Place Prize                  Created by  I built and trained all the Convolutional neural network models that our App uses to detect inebriation. I also converted the Keras models into CoreML form for use in the iOS app.Harish KumarI designed and coded the iOS app. I used Sketch for mock-ups and used Apple's CoreML and Vision to do facial rectangle extraction and to feed in the Keras and Custom Vision models.Tanner HokeApplied Mathematics & Computer Science at Texas A&M UniversityI used Microsoft Azure's Custom Vision Service for cross-validation of the convolutional neural networks that were built for classification. I also wrote scripts to help manage and organize all the new data being generated. Parsa DastjerdiI applied Haar Cascade computer vision model to extract facial features from photographs to engineer the initial training datasets for our ConvNets. To expand our datasets by more than 1000 fold, I applied an arbitrary combination of special effects to facial features of each of the individuals in the training datasets.Jason ChangResearcher, Machine Learning/Computational Biology at University of California, Berkeley 
 Our hack was inspired by the need for a platform that would enable people to carry out multiple cashless transactions without the fear of incurring excessive transaction charges.We also felt businesses should be able to render services on credit to consumers without fear of consumers defaulting. 
  
 Everything started when installing JIRA instances on clients and a lot of add-ons as well and I realized that needed to know what are the add-ons installing on the instance, what are they really doing with workflow and the functions. Everything is so confusing...until now 
 Why PROS?  Not long ago I met the operations director for lean manufacturer that does contract work.  When I asked him his challenges he told me there were three.  First, he told me when they reconfigure the operations floor to transition from one work order to the next, usually it impacts any number of workstations, work-centers, machines, conveyors and/or robots, etc.. Sometimes, people and/or machines aren’t always available due to the existing work orders, so they need alternative configuration plans as well. They want a tool that allows them to virtually reconfigure the operations floor for a new work order as well as any alternatives before making the physical changes.Second,  they want to simulate the work order operations (and alternative configuration plans) to forecast a new work order completion date and time.Third, they want a tool that lets them virtually configure and simulate the manufacturing operations when they add or change out equipment, alter operations or come up with new ideas to try. When we learned about the Brilliant Manufacturing Suite, we were ecstatic!  This suite gives us exactly what we need to build a solution that helps this lean manufacturer and others quickly and easily respond to dynamic operational changes virtually. Hence PROS.  
 In Germany Telekom Deutschland GmbH is the leading telecommunication operator and is transforming its land line telephone access to all IP (already 50% of its 20.2 Million Customers are migrated), which also migrates the classic voice mail system to a cloud based one. Years ago, I was one of the first migrated customers. There was no dedicated iPhone app, so I made one which reads the voicemail system, stores the messages on the phone and can play them. The login is stored in the app. So when I got the Echo and there was no skill it was natural to port my app as a skill to my echo. 
 2 months ago, my dad's former boss - Mr.Mittal -  came to Bangkok, Thailand for medical treatment. I soon found out that he suffered from motor neurone disease - a mild case of ALS specifically. I was awestruck by his condition. Just 20 years ago he ran large textile factories in Nairobi, Kenya alongside Indian businessmen. One morning, he and his wife came over to our house for breakfast. I witnessed the amount of assistance he required from his wife in order to perform basic tasks such as getting up, eating, drinking water, and even using the restroom. A few hours later, his wife decided to go to the market with my mother, leaving me alone with Mr.Mittal. Though he was able to partially move his hands and speak, most of the words came out to be gibberish. He was asking for something but I couldn't understand him. I wasn't able to ask his wife either because she would also have to guess and check what he wanted through the cell phone. After a few minutes of guessing, I finally brought him what he desired - a mere glass of water. Despite his medical condition, I was the one that felt disabled. I felt incompetent and powerless. At that moment, I realized that this was a problem worth tackling. Bridging the gap between ALS patients and their care takers was a paramount issue. I soon contacted my tech buddy - Mantej, who is extremely interested in studying biology and robotics - and decided to fix this problem!  
  Hard work Harder work Brainstorm Found in Translation - OpenHack 2017 in MalmöThis project aims to automate the dubbing of Khan Academy videos into Swedish.The process to do this involves:Download multiple videos from YouTube at onceTranscribe speech into English with timestamps (Voice-to-Text).Translate the text into Swedish.Use Speech Synthesize to generate Swedish voice (Text-to-Voice).Mix together the generated audio clips and synchronize the audio to the video.Upload all the updated videos at once.Future improvementsBetter translations as well as Speech synthesize using i.e. Microsoft Cognitive Services.More resilient automation.Built WithphppythonTry it outgithub.comdocs.google.com      Submitted to    OpenHack    Created by  Worked on python scripts for doing Speech synthesize and generating videos.David WessmanI worked with obtaining relevant information from the Khan Academy videos, and connecting the different python scripts to get a simple one-click application.Miriam Apython scripting to synthesize and put together bits of audioalbheimhmanefjordlouilinnJosefin Lindström 
 Robots are built because people are lazy. And we are lazy. 
  
  
  
 This idea came up when we went to the restroom. We just thought that it's really common that we want to go to the restroom but have no cash. If the restroom provider could just stick something like a QR code on the entrance, we can use Klarna service to pay for it. After that we generalized the idea to become a service that allows customers to buy anything by just scanning.  What Peasy doesPeasy provides a new and innovative mechanism for faster and more convenient payment. With Peasy, customers can purchase anything just by scanning a QRCode. Merchants can also verify payment on real time with our web service. Our system can be used for the following purposes:   Boost up and automate self-servicesPeasy can boosts up and make payment for various self-services more conveniently, such as public toilet, auto car-wash, laundry, parking, flea markets, student restaurants.Payment for customer-2-customerPeasy allows individuals to collect payment without additional payment devices. For example, if a person wants to sell their old appliance, the traditional payment way for him is by cash. With Peasy he can just generate a QR code and ask the buyer to scan the code to pay for it. The seller can also easily verify the payment through our web service. How we built itOur system consists of 2 parts: a mobile application and a web service. The mobile application is for customers. It registers the device with Klarna, scans QR codes and requests purchases via our web service. The web service contacts Klarna to perform requested purchases and provides interfaces and APIs for merchants to generate the magic QRCodes and manage payments.The mobile application was built with Android SDK and klarna-on-demand-android library. The web service was developed with Ruby on rails, materialize-css, and Klarna's payment APIs.Challenges we ran intoUnderstanding Klarna's architecture and SDKDeveloping Android app using GradleDeveloping our system using new tools in a short amount of time Accomplishments that we're proud ofAfter two days hacking, we're proud that our system can perform a complete work flow with stunning and elegant user interfaces. The work flow is as follows: The merchant uses our web service to generate a QRCode, print it, and sticks it to wherever he/she wants.The customer uses our mobile application to scan the QRCode and send the purchase request to our web serviceOur web service checks user information and contacts Klarna to checkout on behalf of the merchant and the customerNotify the status of the purchase to the merchant and the customerWhat we learnedA new way of payment provided by KlarnaKlarna's architecture, APIs and development toolsTips and tricks in using HTML5 and jQuery to create elegant and beautiful websitesTeam spirit and energy drink are very important to keep us awake :-)What's next for PeasyProvide more services to help merchants integrate our system to their service Support all kinds of mobile platformBuilt Withandroidhtml5jqueryklarnamaterializecssruby-on-railsupcloudTry it outgithub.comgithub.com80.69.174.27      Submitted to    Junction 2015    Created by  Minh Duc TaThanh BuiKien BuiKhanh NguyenNinh Truong 
  
 Thanks to all the people that mentored me in a direct and indirect way, I have grown pretty quickly, so the idea is to give to other people the opportunity too – one of the foundersYou can save years of life time by having the opportunity to approach someone that already pass through a similar path – one of the founders 
 We originally wanted to create voice-triggered transitions for Google Slides. The Google Slides API, however, was too limiting so we opted for a more general solution. We ended up solving our original problem and then some by creating a full-blown voice activated command system. 
  
 Oftentimes, communities that are impacted by natural disasters and economic disparity are unable to gain adequate resources from the government during their times of misfortune. In the United States of America, this has been demonstrated in varying instances such as the Flint Water Crisis and failed recovery relief attempts during Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Maria. These events acted as catalysts for the development of a necessary site to provide resources to disadvantaged and disaster-prone communities, and allows direct access to organizations willing to protect local needs.  
  
 Neo4j browser is a useful tool for data exploration and querying. However, we felt that basic charts are a useful data visualisation and representation tools that were not being addressed. We wanted to create something that looks really good and can be customised easily with a few clicks. We wanted something that could be exported and we could showcase the charts anywhere. 
 Your personal data is everywhere. Everyday, you make searches, browse websites, and enter information, all while leaving tidbits of your data scattered across the internet. Tech giants, like Amazon and Facebook, capitalize on this, by selling data you've left behind on their sites to data brokers, who use them for purposes such as targeted adds. Our goal is to completely disrupt this market. While we can't take this data away from these platforms, Liberdata strives to democratize personal data by letting people see what data they have out on the internet, and then sell it themselves. 
 These are the problems we're trying to solve:The old submission form was often long and tedious, so it was one of the negative aspects of the hackathon experience. (Do we really need ALL of these fields?)If you had already created a project in your portfolio on Devpost, you couldn't submit it to a hackathon. You had to copy over all of the fields from your project to the hackathon submission form if you wanted to submit it to a hackathon. This resulted in a lot of duplicate projects across the site (not to mention a terrible user experience).The project page is what lives on beyond the hackathon. Often times hackers don't craft this page very thoroughly (likely because they're pressed for time) but that leaves many projects pretty empty which doesn't create much value for people viewing the projects. Can we make it quick/easy to make a great looking project page?The old submission form – soooo long :(Goals:Integrate portfolio projects and hackathon submissionsMake the process of submitting much quicker and easier for hackersHelp projects look better / be more interesting to others 
 Sign language is already difficult to learn; adding on the difficulty of learning movements from static online pictures makes it next to impossible to do without help. We came up with an elegant robotic solution to remedy this problem. 
 The inspiration came from home automation videos, when the next step was to package it in a web application.The concept was thought midst of working on the hackathon project. The idea was just as simple as to try out serial communication to a hardware through website. Which then evolved into a home automation system as we have been doing hardware automation already. 
 Pixel Kanvas was inspired by several of our favorite attributes of Minecraft. We wanted to empower a different type of creativity, while encouraging the same collaboration and exploration that has proven to be so enjoyable.  
  
 As an US Army veteran, service to those in disaster-hit areas was always a core part of our mission. And during my service, I discovered that communications infrastructure holds the key solution to disaster relief.Three years ago my friends and I embarked on a volunteer drive from London to Ulan Bator and I purchased the people finding smartphone app Spot Connect device. After spending over $170 on the Bluetooth device and $99 on the annual plan, I was disappointed both with the UX, features, and what I knew could be utilized with just a simple iPhone and call plan. I knew this technology could be applicable to most areas in the world - since even in inner Mongolia I had great cell phone coverage.This iPhone app addresses the primary need of the emergency first responder - prevention of the continued loss of life. By giving civilians the ability to communicate geolocation directly with first responders, first responders are able to accurately and quickly group, triangulate, and find those that need help.The team: The team behind the app is:Richard Lau, software developer and Domestic Team Member Region Two at Team Rubicon, a disaster response platform for military veteransUX designer Carlos Lagrange, creator of Kickstarter campaign Code CardsTak Lo, Director of Techstars and US Army veteranadvisor Aaron Alfson, software developer and US Air Force veteran specializing in Emergency ManagementTarget user:iPhone users that will experience a disaster or want loved ones and key contacts to know their geolocationKey current features:development on Github via heresaving of key contacts from address book great UX for ease of use in case of emergency - one touch update of location to your key contactspush of geolocation data to key contacts automatically via emailsplash page available hereUpcoming features:push mobile app on the app storepush of geolocation data to map, with filters on time sequencepushing geolocation coordinates with increasing frequency as a disaster hits, with decreasing frequency afterwards to save battery while updating new locationadding actions to recognize when network infrastructure is unavailable, and only starting pushing geolocation data when network is availablecreating a light weight text-based version of app for those without an iPhoneDevelopment Roadmapopen source through GitHub and incremental work through the developer communitydeveloping the application via disaster relief themed hackathons like Flood Hackincreasing frequency of app usage by giving away free to users, like travel group the Adventurists and relief organizations obtaining user data and feedback to iterate the next versionBuilt WithiosxcodeTry it outwww.blackmambaapp.com      Submitted to    Disaster Apps ChallengeWinner                Honorary Mentions                  Created by  Tak LoCarlos LagrangeaalfsonRichard LauSoftware  
 We wanted gaming to be more than sitting on your couch. We wanted gaming to be something you can interact with to create a more full experience. How it worksIt uses a lepton thermal imaging sensor to detect motion. This turns the user into the controller, enabling a interactive gaming experience. Challenges I ran intoAccomplishments that I'm proud ofWhat I learnedWhat's next for GameOpenerTo work with more game consoles. Built Withatgames-80-game-sega-genesisatgames-92-game-atari-flashback-5flir-leptonlepton-breakout-pureengineeringmbednucleo-f401reTry it outgameopener.weebly.com      Submitted to    FLIR's "Bring the Heat" Hacker and Maker Challenge (SanFran)Winner                Second Place Overall              Winner                Crowd Favorite              Winner                Best Hardware App                  Created by  My part was initial inception, real time image analysis, wiring and component bring-up.  Thanks to Eugene for improving calibration-screen performance by 100x and for fabricating an improved controller apparatus.  Thanks to Karthik for combining the controller apparatus with the image analysis software.  Thanks to Connor for all-round support.Andrew FelchWorked on lcd integration and speed up (hacked the lcd library, got a 100x improvement over stock implementation), developed the interface between the Nucleo board and Sega Genesis/Atari 2600 gaming systems (both hardware and software), tuning of thermal image readout (preprocessing and visualization code), generic code speed up and system level debugging and troubleshooting.Eugene FainstainConnor DahlbergKarthik Reddy 
 Alleviating the prevailing electricity crisis remains a challenge for Pakistan as persistent long hours of load shedding has adversely impacted economic growth of the country. ​There are still 112 million in Pakistan which either have no access to electricity or experience over 16 hours of load shedding. The shortage cannot be mitigated alone by adding power plants in the system as the​se​ come at considerable financial and environment cost. ​A smarter thing to do for all of us would be to make choices that are not only light on the pocket, but also on the socket. 
 Check out our Prezi hereWe used the Artik 10 Kit for this project.A lot of us have looked at various ways to save and conserve water. We, Team WPI decided to look at an option we believe is not fully utilized and is a source of water on a daily basis. The source, Air Conditioning. Each air conditioner has a runaway water pipe attached to it. This pipe essentially drains water formed by the condensation process inside the AC. Team WPI has come up with a way to harvest this water.We decided to focus on how each individual can contribute to this mission. This is because a 1.5 AC generates 0.3 gallons per hour while a 5 Ton Central AC generates 1 gallon per hour. Considering an average run time of 9 hours per day, a window AC generates 2.7 gallons each day while a Central AC generates 9 gallons a day!This trend has resulted in almost 87% homes with some sort of Air Conditioning equipment.  AC has virtually become a standard equipment of every household. Among 50 states in USA, California alone accounts for a massive 7.3% of air conditioning. A figure which is 5 times for than most states. This is because of the climate in California. California belongs to the region with hot/mixed dry climate type. With an average summer temperature of 90F and a year round temperature of around 80F, the high use of AC in California is justified.Let’s take a look at how this is a viable solution across the world. In 2013, a rough estimate of AC sales are approx. 900 million. A high volume of which are central ACs and rooftops AC. Together if we can implement E-Conditioner, we can save a lot of water and this in-turn will result more water available from traditional sources like dams and supply. 
 I have always loved the sci-fi genre and games. One other thing I enjoy is running and going for long walks out in nature. Recently, my wife and I both got Fitbit trackers to help encourage our walking and fitness routine. We found using them to compete for the 'highest' number of steps each day to be quite addictive and fun.When I stumbled upon this hackathon, I was researching Docker containers and Kubernetes for work related purposes. I thought to myself: why not combine the already addictive Fitbit experience of competing for steps and walking, with a fun sci-fi adventure game, and use an online service running on Openshift to enable Fitbit to talk to the game on player's devices?This would provide people with a mobile game that is not only fun to play, but also motivational in terms of exercise and fitness.In addition to that, I could make the game experience even more fun/competitive by adding online leaderboards to the platform running on top of Openshift.Thus, Stranded in the Expanse was born! 
  
 Have you ever missed a bus and have been caught up waiting with no things around except the bus stop? Isn't it boring to have the smartest technologies in the world and still having plain static ads shown on the bus stop billboards? Why the content creators are deprived of the tools and capabilities which mobile app developers have? We believe it is a time to open a new vision, the vision where ad creators become app developers having the opportunity to deliver engaging, IOT enabled and context based ads frictionlessly. We introduce visionOS. 
 A meal used to stand for more than just consumption of food. It was a symbol of friendship, companionship and love. We believe that this tradition should be preserved even in our fast-paced society today. "Table for 4" is created to bring 4 strangers together for a simple meal and hopefully through this meal, friendships and connections can be made.  
 Self-driving cars seem to be the focus of the cutting-edge industry. Although there have been many self-driving cars (such as Tesla), none of them have been ported to the cloud to allow for modularity and availability to everyone. Perhaps self-driving can be served just as how IaaS, PaaS, and SaaS are served. This was also very much inspired by our long living hero, @elonmusk, who was, unfortunately, unable to attend this year's McHacks.  
  
  
  
  
 Montreal have plenty of potholes. We wanted to create a game that allows users to report potholes directly to the city. 
  
 When watching tutorials, lectures or any video on YouTube, I usually come across long videos, sometimes I don't need to watch the entire video but only specific parts of it. If I want to find when a word was mentioned in a video, I could use the seek bar to guess the position, but that becomes very hard especially on really long videos. What if there was a way to search the video and quickly find what you're looking for? That's where QuickSeek comes in. 
 Our mission is to empower local farmers and help them get their products the recognition they deserve. This tool allows them to advertise their foods on the web, and have them directly delivered to the consumers. That means more money goes into the pockets of local farmers, and customers are treated to fresh produce brought right to their door. Additionally, cutting out the need for supermarkets means far less gas is used in the transportation of these products, resulting in a far lighter carbon footprint. With our continued focus on creating a more and more efficient system, we hope to inspire more people to support local farms throughout the years to come.. 
  
 Last year I competed in the White House's Mental Health Hackathon. I learned that 40 million adults experience anxiety disorders and I wanted to figure out a way to help. 
 It can be difficult to pinpoint the strengths of a signal across different outdoor locations, so we decided to build a WiFi router locating system that would direct us to the closest and strongest router.  
 Tracking bots and other objects in a play field is complex and expensive, largely due to the wide array of sensors required on each bot, such as ultrasound and LIDAR sensors.Each bot also runs its own set of calculations for movement, possibly resulting in collisions and conflicts between individual bots.On the other hand, a central server with GOD VIEW can track the entire play field via a camera and several AR markers, as well as control the movement of each individual bot, reducing cost, complexity and possibility for conflict. 
 Kenton was sick and tired of being in the dark about trash pickup and recycling days. When he checked the City of Houston website, he had to go through 8 steps to get the schedule. There had to be a better way. Rollout!We wanted to make an app that had all the information you need (geolocated) the moment the app launched. Once you know the next pickups (the essential part), you can enjoy additional features that create added convenience.FeaturesInstantly see the next trash pickup date, next recycling pickup date,  next heavy trash date Schedule remindersFind recycling centers based on materialLearn about what's recyclableWhere we areSo in less than 24 hours, we have a pretty darned functional prototype. We're pulling ESRI / ArcGIS map data with lots of attributes we've uploaded for recycling locations. We are close to mastering the My City Map ESRI data for pickup  schedule data.We want to launchWe want to complete this project quickly and offer it at no charge to the City of Houston as an app for their website to give Houstonians power over their waste.  Thank you. Kenton, Joel and JasonBuilt Withandroidangular.jsapachees6esriiosmy-city-mapTry it outslides.com      Submitted to    3rd Annual Houston HackathonWinner                Meeting with the Mayor                  Created by  ESRI ArcGIS Mapping, metadata collection from the City of Houston, project planning, API research Jason HerbstEntrepreneur who loves his city and wants to give backdesign, presentationJoel CookLover of simplicityKenton Gray 
 I come back from school every single day and go like, "ugh," when I realize I have to take a whole chapter of notes for Chemistry class each week from the textbook. I end up not wanting to do it so I procrastinate. This made me want to build an app that took notes for me. 
 We initially created a robot to deliver drinks in crowded bars and clubs. We could never get to the front of the line at crowded bars and we knew we could make them less crowded if a robot could travel in the sky to the tables.  So we set out to make it a reality.How we built itWe did the machining at TechShop SF and we did apps in angular.js (consumer) and ionic (bartender). The robot has a raspberry pi and everything on the server is running on docker on AWS.Challenges we ran intoNoise on the line on some of our circuits. Other hardware issues. From a developer experience perspective, the Alexa part was pretty easy (except maybe the documentation on account linking, but that wasn't that hard).Accomplishments that we're proud ofGetting it installed in a real bar in San Francisco. We are hoping to expand it to more bars and nightclubs soon.What's next for Alexa-powered Beer Robot.Installing in two more bars (one in Cincinnati, one in Oakland). And one of the owners wants the Alexa integration we did for this hackathon!Built Withalexaamazon-alexaamazon-web-servicesangular.jsdjangoioniclambdanginxpythonrdsTry it outbbot.menu      Submitted to    Amazon Alexa Skills ChallengeWinner                Finalist Award                  Created by  Steven SimoniLuke AllenGregory JaworskiSteven SimoniCo owner at Bbot RoboticsLuke AllenGreg Jaworski 
  
  
 How we could help the residential aware of environmental impacts  
 I was inspired by a French television programme called Des chiffres et des lettres which i used to watch with my father when i was young pen and paper in my hands. The programme tests the numeracy skills and vocabulary of two contestants.I wanted to develop such a game for long time using handwriting recognition but i though it would be quick tedious work until i found out about this challenge. 
 My brother who is in high school, was having trouble learning and referencing all the element information from his book. So, me and my mates decided to build an Alexa skill to help that. 
  
  
 It is 2016 and the greatest problem facing Americans is not ebola or starvation... it is the rapidly growing clown epidemic. Hundreds of terrifying (probably murderous) clowns have been spotted across the country but there is no way to keep track of them or stay safe, until now.  
 Polypharmacy is the study of the effects of consuming multiple medications and drugs. At this time, 45.1% of all Americans are taking one or more medications.  With each new medication, the possibility of negative interactions between the drugs increases.  Current clinical trials does not take into account all the medications a person can consume.  Medifact aims to remedy this by giving the power to the user to check if their combination of medications is statistically safe. 
 My inspiration for this app was as a medical student at UMKC I found that it would be helpful for patients have a way to know whether or not their wound was infected or not. WoundCare allows for that to be a possibility.  
 My mother was a former beauty queen, from another country, who had become completely forsaken to beauty. Though she was once even an Avon lady, she would not teach me anything about makeup. Once, when we were watching a late night beauty pageant, and I looked wistfully at the contestants, my mother told me, “No, you’ll never qualify.” I was not raised in a competitive family, but I had always personally believed in winning contests and at age 12, being told I had no chance meant this wasn’t worth the time investment at all. I learned early on, from my mother, the beauty expert, that I was not pretty.  18 years later, in the streets of NYC and Paris, on my own, I would discover the world of expert fashion stylists, who are able to make anyone look glamorous — they can even make an ugly girl look pretty. For anyone in this modern world, seeing yourself look amazing is transformative. It fosters hope and makes you believe in your dreams again. I want to help spread this magic.My goal in ShopFace is to build an AR product that lets anyone show off the look they want, and even share it so that others can, quite literally, instantly try it out. My aim is to create an innovative yet  universal platform to lets anyone express their beauty creativity by becoming a stylist, and by helping them discover and virtually try-on products they did not know could transform their looks. 
 I was watching a Twitch streamer playing Rimworld, their moderators were creating polls through the Strawpoll website, and the viewers were voting on these polls to trigger challenging events for the streamer. However the streamer was using the in-game developer tools to trigger these events and I thought at the time "You could automate this".That's where the idea came from, a way for viewers to directly influence the narrative of a survival game. Rimworld is a perfect fit, but I think we can do more. 
 There are approximately 200 million babies born per year.  However, around 1 million babies die from lack of attention.The mortality rate of accidental suffocation and strangulation in bed (ASSB) started to increase in the beginning of 1998 and had reached the highest rate at 20.8 deaths per 100,000 live births in 2013.Approximately 52% of parents in predominantly Asian countries, had reported that their children has had a sleep problem. Source 1 linkSource 2 linkSource 3 link 
  
  
 We first took aim at building a solution for the homeless population at the 2016 AT&T Hackathon in March of this year. In just 24 hours we built the physical appearance of a prototype that mimicked taking in and rendering data. We shelf the app as we all became busy with work until the HACC started. Deciding to take our 24hr prototype and use it for inspiration, we decided to build a full working mobile app and web application that took in and rendered data.  
  
 We were inspired by the opportunity to help shop owners get better results with their sales on the future. 
 Create a network of friends to share knowledge, learn new technologies and take at least one of us to Canada, so he can take us all!!! 
 Everyone on our team is a hackathon organizer, and we wanted to make something to enhance the experience of events without the resources to build their own custom software. 
 Do you know the frustration when a device in your office has broken and you would have to send an email about it to someone and you just don't have the time or don't know who to send the mail to. Or the frustration as a maintenance professional when you just get an email that a coffee machine in this huge building is broken, and you have to send 3 emails to figure out where it actually is.  ATS, Automated Ticketing System to the rescue.  
  
  
 Coming from both Enterprise Computing and Healthcare backgrounds, the team was surprised to find out that while Health Care Organizations (HCOs) pursue care-process improvement with Lean, analytics, and other approaches, they haven't adopted Business Process Management (BPM) - a field with many well-developed concepts and tools that have enabled measurements, analyses, and optimizations of processes in other industries.We wanted to determine the disconnects between the current BPM methodologies and tools, and care processes.  Then we wanted to devise a solution that would bring the proven process improvement methodologies to healthcare delivery.But it's easier said than done.  Currently, BPM (and its existing tools) makes a lot of sense when applied to a relatively fixed activities to produce relatively fixed business values (e.g. a widget).  But healthcare delivery is anything but fixed - patients and providers are unique, care pathways and care processes are not standardized within and across HCOs, and care outcomes are certainly not widgets. 
 The "Breaking News" hack from the 2015 Numenta Spring Hackathon  
 How many travelers seek destinations with similar weather to their favorite vacation spot? Are you a golfer looking to vary the annual trip to Myrtle Beach, but maintain the same temperature? Are you deciding on family vacation spots, and would love a list of destinations most similar in weather to Cape Cod?Embedded in our fondest memories is the weather of that particular day - a beautiful day at the beach, a perfect day on the slopes, or a sunny day on the greens. What if you could find that weather again somewhere, sometime, could you find that memory as well?In 1966 the famous surf filmmaker Bruce Brown traveled the world in search of an Endless Summer. Spending a year locked in their favorite weather sure turned out to be a great decision. In the spirit of The Endless Summer, I set out to find my own Endless Weather with any conditions I wished, and determine where that would take me- be it Utah, Vermont, or even Wine Country.High quality local climate data is kept in many locations nationwide, but is often just used to help pitch today's forecast or contribute to the global climate picture. What other stories can this data tell? Here, we find out.The IBM Bluemix cloud allowed us to take temperature and precipitation data and turn it into information rich maps and virtual itineraries telling us where and when to be. 
 The assignment for this Challenge was " Create a ‘wall worthy’ interactive map that illustrates one way in which you see the world.". We did it a bit different, we created a map of the world as we do not see it. There are thousands of cables, pipelines and tunnels, and of course even more natural resources, such as gas, oil, ore veins, and tectonical plates. Our goal was to make it work just fine.How it worksWe use the powerful openlayers v3 to render the data on our map, which is openstreetmap. On the back-end we created a way to load geojson from a clusterpoint nosql database, unfortunately due to the size of the files that had to be loaded, and the lack of time to improve the render engine we weren't able to use clusterpoint for all datasets, however the json generator is there.Challenges we ran intoOne of the biggest problems we ran into was performance, after 3 rewrites of the engine that handles rendering of data layers and different libraries we have found something that fitted our needs, yet it can get a bit slow sometimes.Meet the teamNick Vernij - Nick is a 16 year old developer and student from Rotterdam, the Netherlands, creating websites since he was 12. He mostly codes in PhP, Javascript and javaLem Severein - Lem is a 16 year old developer and student from Rotterdam, the Netherlands, he can do anything with his skills in css, html and javascript, and PhP. Sufi gaffar - Sufi is a 17 year old webdeveloper and student from London, England. He is constantly learning new things, and has a fair knowledge of some languages.Daniel Mizrachi - Daniel is a 17 year old webdeveloper and student from London, England. And is definitely in love with open data and APIs.Contact:hello@nickforall.nlBuilt Withclusterpointcss3javascriptopenlayersopenstreetmapphpTry it outunderground.nickforall.nl      Submitted to    Maps as Art | Summer JamWinner                All you can EaaS              Winner                Clusterpoint Grand Prize                  Created by  I have been busy with research, mostly writing the javascript for the map rendering, and converting/collecting data.Nick VernijI'm a 16 year old programmer from the netherlandsI designed the page and wrote the biggest part of the CSS.Lem SevereinI helped collect data for the projectSufi GaffarDaniel Mizrachi 
 We were always fascinated with AR, but were always too timid to get our hands dirty. We decided that at mchacks6, we would take the plunge and try something new.  
  
  
 While there are centralised resources for individual humanitarian organisations, from our research there was a distinct lack of centralised, nationalised information for all of the resources available to asylum seekers, refugees and migrants. We wanted to centralise the data (manually to begin with).  
  
 Team of 4 localsDon’t you hate it when you have barely 10 minutes between your classes and you think you have enough time to grab some coffee at Tims. However, when you get there the line is longer than your typical morning wait and it will be at least 20 minutes before you see any sign of a freshly ground coffee. Either you miss class or you miss your coffee.  
 Create a crazy fun game on the HoloLens Augmented Reality (AR) platform. 
 We play video games like Fallout and Mass Effect. Both games have wrist devices which display data. The team decided to try to mimic it. 
 We have a few friends who are afflicted with ADHD and we have witnessed firsthand how debilitating and inconvenient the disorder can be. ADHD diagnosis is very complicated and time-consuming -- it can take up to 6-9 months and thousands of dollars. In addition, ADHD diagnosis is based on a variety of subjective factors and there is no definitive, quantifiable way to diagnose it. To add, treatment of the disorder can be a hassle as well, as it often involves usage of a suite of stimulants such as Adderall, all of which come equipped with side effects (such as appetite loss and depressive feelings). We wanted to create a VR solution to this problem that can provide both a diagnostic and treatment mechanism for ADHD.  
  
  
  
 ჩვენ ყოველდღიურად ვკითხულობთ, ვუყურებთ და ვუსმენთ სხვადასხვა სტატიებს ონლაინში, თუმცა საინტერესო კონტეტის აღმოსაჩენად გარკვეულ თემაზე გვიწევს "სტატიების ზღვაში” ჩვენთვის რელევანტური ინფორმაციის მოძიება. სწორედ აქ, ხშირად გაგვიფიქრია - "იქნებ ვინმეს შეეგროვებინა ამ თემაზე საინტერესო კონტენტი და პლათფორმაზე განეთავსებინა".  ვფიქორბთ რომ მსგავსი გაფიქრება, სურვილი და საჭიროება ჩვენთან ერთად სხვებსაც აქვთ. 
  
 User stories in agile development are the foundation of a development team's work. Producing and working with user stories of appropriate quality is critical for development teams. There is a need for common understanding of the quality of their stories. 
 Everyone likes a good origin story, how did it all get started? The company TSOLife was incorporated in Sept 2014, but the concept was inspired decades before. It was inspired by loving grandparents, who helped raise a grandson from birth.My grandfather was a remarkable man, he had the opportunity to be an Olympic athlete, he was the recipient of the civic recognition award and he was inducted into his high schools hall of fame. His life is not only worth celebrating, it is worth remembering. The stories of his accomplishments could currently soon be lost. Verbal history dies after only 2 generations. There is no Wikipedia page dedicated to his life, no published biography documenting his many achievements; there is strictly what we remember.As it currently stands, history is only recorded for the famous or infamous, the rest are left to be forgotten. TSOLife was created with the conviction that we are all worth remembering–that life should be celebrated, passed down and remembered. We all deserve to leave behind a personalized legacy. History isn’t just for the famous or infamous but for all of us to leave something behind.While I have always felt strongly about this vision, it finally hit me when my grandmother passed in 2014 around thanksgiving. There is so much I never got to know about her, and even more I will forget. The only lasting legacy she left behind was her funeral service page. The notion that all that my grandkids will ever be able to learn about her is her name, date of birth, and occupation, haunts me.That notion ignited a fire: from that moment on I dedicated my life to creating a web platform that will truly allow our story to transcend time. I created TSOLife, and it will soon be launched nationwide in August. It is my greatest accomplishment thus far in life, and also my greatest regret because I didn’t make it soon enough for my grandparents. Their story is in my hands to tell, and I will do my best… though I know so much history has already been lost. 
 We liked the idea of the challenge, and to find out how fast we could develop and iterate on such a challenge. We decided to not only do one of the Kickers, but all three, as well as hosting the site on AWS and Google Cloud Platform, just for fun. 
  
 For students away at universities, it has become more important than ever to know how to take care of oneself. As college students, we are exposed to a variety of things, including alcohol. Even though we've all had educational classes or seminars in school about drinking safely, sometimes a gentle reminder can make a huge difference. That's where we came up with the idea of HappyHour, a pebble app that can keep you safe.  
 Our team has developed general-purpose L2 networking called GEO Protocol (GEO == Global Economics Overlay), that is blockchain-agnostic, is able to process payments/transfers in different accounting units (equivalents), has fast and predictable routing and is secured via quantum-resistant crypto.For the hackaton we have a very ambitious goal - to provide PoC of atomic cross-chain payments on top of L2 (when sender begins payment in one token/asset (eth, for example) and receiver accepts it in other one (btc, for example), and the network is responsible for paths discovering and atomic processing) During the EthBerlin we implemented first one connector for the GEO Node to the Ethereum ecosystem, and performed first multi-asset atomic payment between Eth. ecosystem and raw GEO network.  
 It's surprising see many different versions of a single language. The Americans, the English,the British, the Chinese, the Australians, etc have their accent. We all have faced difficulty in understanding the foreign versions of English which limits our capability to socialize and interact effectively with people of different cultures and backgrounds than us. We, especially being International students have faced this problem in our day-to-day life and it can get both embarrassing and frustrating.We want to bridge this gap by eliminating this barrier altogether so that we can understand others and express ourselves better. With "To-may-to To-mah-to" we hope to solve this problem make us more confident and comfortable.This applications' title was inspired by this classic song. 
 It's important to give kids the blocks they need to build their future. I wanted to give code a physical representation to make it easier and more fun to learn programming. 
 A Land for indigenous languages! Build indigenous languages on your Land and level up your house by clearing everyday tasks!Form a worldwide collaboration to save endangered languages by sharing their language culture!  
 We love memes, and we know the internet does too. Each day, millions of people across the globe browse the vast collection of memes spread across the internet. These hilarious images range from charming classics from the summer of '13, to the freshest and rarest creations, uploaded a mere minutes ago by a fellow memer. With so much at our fingertips, we wonder, just what exactly are the ingredients of a perfect meme? And could we teach a machine to create the dankest of memes? With the stage set, enter the Dank Meme Generator. 
  
 Ideas matter.Producers and vocalists often run into situations where they come up with inspirational melodies and catchy lyrics, but these sparks of greatness are just too evanescent. Artists lose them easily. That’s why we want to create a great tool preserving these inspiration.Thus, we present, Singularity. 
 Two years ago my 4 year old daughter was diagnosed with Type 1 Diabetes and since then my main goal in life has been to manage her blood sugar (BG) levels within an acceptable range. Although there are quite a few technologies out there that are of great help in the management of Type 1 Diabetes, I believe there is a lot more we can do to make the lives of Type 1 Diabetics and their care givers easier. I work in data analytics in my day job and thought latest technologies like Internet-of-Things (IoT), Artificial Intelligence (AI), Machine Learning/Deep Learning can be of great help in the management of Type 1 Diabetes. In the quest for better management of my daughter's BG numbers I decided to embark on this project to build a system that will capture all the information it can, in real-time, and analyze it and suggest treatment options in an easy to consume format i.e. text messages on phone. This system, in its fully developed form, could act like an AI brain which can suggest treatment plans in real-time to care givers/baby sitters.Type 1 Diabetes is an auto-immune disease in which the pancreas stops producing insulin which is an important hormone for converting food into energy. There are 1.5 Million Americans living with Type 1 diabetes and it costs more than $15 Billion each year to manage this disease. Diabetes is the most expensive chronic disease in America today. Improving the care for Type 1 diabetics is not only good for the patients themselves but also for the whole society in terms of lowering healthcare costs.Typically a Type 1 Diabetic's BG goes up when they eat food and their BG comes down when they inject insulin via an insulin pump or insulin shot. The BG could go too high if not enough insulin is taken and the BG could go dangerously low if too much insulin is taken. Currently healthcare providers suggest insulin dose based on a formula which takes into account the number of carbs in the food eaten. But a true calculation of the insulin dose should also take into account other factors such as the type of food and the activity level to name a few. Making sure the BG level stays within range is a daily battle and any assistance with this would be of great help. 
 Our team members are keen on computer vision and deep learning. Helvar’s challenge with intelligent light switch has inspired us to build a project at the junction of state of the art computer vision and people's everyday lives. 
 Our eyes are the mirror to the outside world and are arguably the most important of the five senses. More than 20 million people suffer from blindness due to a disease known as cataract. These people are deprived of their sense of perception due to -- (a) untimely detection, (b) lack of quick solutions, and (c) lack of basic awareness. Cataract is the root cause for 5% of the United States population, and 60% of the African and South American population suffering with blindness. Although, cataract has often been termed as a disease striking the elderly population, but it has affected unto 40% of the children in developing nations. We believe any step that can safeguard the human vision is a vital step. EyePhone is one such smart step that tries to predict the existence of cataract in the human eye.  EyePhone empowers its user with a simple application that helps to detect the presence of cataract in their eyes at a cost of a single picture of their eye ! 
  
 One of our team members is from India and is aware of the struggles that those of rural India face. Based on his observations, and some research we learned that a large portion of the global population does not have documented medical history. This means that when seeking medical treatment providers may be unaware of things like medical conditions, allergies to medicine, and previous medical history. Our goal is to create an inexpensive, scalable system to allow access to medical records for all. By carrying a card (for example a government issued ID) with all this information attached it would speed up hospital wait times, ensure proper care, and expand the total population with documented medical records.  
 Super Creature Showdown started as a hand-drawn game that I would put in my son Jack's lunch box each morning. Jack is 5-years-old and LOVES all things nature. Every day he'd look forward to getting a new Super Creature Showdown. Each morning I'd work to make them more and more elaborate, ultimately turning it into a math-based game with the goal of being fun and educational. This past Christmas we got an Echo Show and we thought it would be a great winter break project to build out a voice-based game. 
 Students everywhere always get stumped, and need help in order to overcome struggles with their studies. In many cases, they need the expertise of a tutor in the subject to aid them in the right direction.TutorMe provides quick and easy access to an expert in the subject, with a real tutor in the vicinity of the user. This way, they can meet in a timely manner and the student can understand as quickly as possible.How it worksThere are two ways to use the app: as a student or as a mentor.Each student just has to put in their name and and email, to be able to view all the available tutors.Each tutor will put in their name, email, subjects they know, as well as their rate. From there, the tutor's location will be pinged, and the student will be able to view all available tutors, the subjects they know, and how far they are.The student will then select the tutor he/she wishes to work with, and the tutor will be notified. This provides a seamless experience for both users to easily connect.How it was builtUsing Java, XML, a framework was established where calls could be made to the Google Maps API to grab location and display the map. Firebase provided the backend where it provides all the locations of the tutors, and the framework will interpret these locations, and drop pins with their locations as well as the details of the tutor.What we learnedTogether, we learned how to integrate Google Maps API as well as Firebase in Android, which none of us has ever done.Future UpdatesIn the future, filtering of subjects, profiles, and ratings will be implemented, thus increasing the usability of the appBuilt Withandroid-studiofirebasegoogle-mapsjavaxmlTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    nwHacks 2016    Created by  Designed UI/UX and logo. In addition implemented Maps by integrating Google Map Fragments.Neeraj AggarwalPrimarily focused on UX/UI, also contributed to hooking up the back-end with Firebase and GeoFire. Alex JordacheLife.I worked to set up the FireBase database with GeoFire location based querying, along with plotting tutors onto the integrated map as well as user authentication. I also worked to integrate every group member's work into one cohesive structure. Stephen Van SonI worked on the UI using Android Studio. This being my first Hackathon, I learned a lot more than I would have learning to code on my own. Anand SamraChemical Engineering student learning how to program 
 We wanted to create an app that everybody would like to play, and what is more enjoyable than Monopoly? So we took Monopoly as our inspiration. Also, we decided to use some of the most popular games of N64 as our properties because everybody loves old school video games!Rules-Objective: To be the most wealthy player in the game by buying, selling and renting their properties. -Participants: 2 to 6 players. -Money: Each player will receive a total amount of £1500-The bet: To be able to play the game, every player is going to be asked to set a bet of minimum £5 using a Pay Pal account. The player that wins the game, will receive the total amount of money in their Pay Pal account.If a player leaves earlier the game, he/she will not lose any of their money.-The game: The player that creates the game (the host) is going to be always the one that starts the play. The next player to play is going to be the first one that joins the game, the third player is going to be the second one that joins the game and so on. Everybody will start the game on the corner marked “GO”, then you will have to tap the button “Roll die” to know which is going to be your next position. You are allowed to buy “properties” or “sponsors” from your first go.-Go: Each time a player lands on or passes over “GO”, the bank will play him/her £20.Baying a property: Whenever you land on an unowned property or sponsor, you will have the   option  to buy it from the Bank in the price showed on the screen. -Paying rent: Whenever you land on a property/sponsor owned by another player, the owner will  collect rent from you in accordance with the price printed on the property’s card.-Jail: You land on “Jail” whenever you landed on the space marked “Go to Jail”. When you are sent to Jail, you are not able to collect your £20 salary that you usually receive from “Go”.You get out of Jail either by (1) staying there for 3 complete turns and being free in your 4th  turn or by (2) paying £50 to the bank.  If you land in Jail in the ordinary course of the game, you are “just visiting” so you incur no penalty and you are free to leave in your next turn.-Free parking & arrows in the board: When a player lands on this places, he/she doesn’t receive  any reward of any kind. Is just a free resting place.-Bankruptcy: A player is declared bankrupt if he/she owes more than he/she can pay. Built Withadobe-illustratorandroidtrello      Submitted to    Great Uni Hackathon 2015Winner                Crowd Favourite 2nd place                  Created by  Alicia Beylan 
  
  
 We want to impact the new generation by providing a tool to inform raise awareness on various issues of             society ! 
 1.4 million firearms were stolen in property crimes from 2005 to 2010.From 2005 to 2010, 3,800 people died from unintentional shootings; 1,300 of these victims were under the age 25.We want to give firearm-owners peace of mind by letting them know whether their firearm is secure at all times. 
 Some people make use of powerful successive approximations planning method that helps people reaching higher-level long-term goals. But to use it, you'd usually need some paper and pencil. We believe we can make it easier to use via modern technologies and popularize it. 
 Tech communities characterized by physical space, tooling and memberships such as Hackerspaces, Makerspaces, Fablabs have generally similar requirements for the software to manage their communities. With a pool of technically qualified and ambitious members with a "just-do-it" attitude this had led to the creation of tens if not hundreds of different management systems for these communities, with varying degrees of completeness. None of the current solutions on the market have yet have come to dominate and establish themselves as a defacto standard. This creates challenges for new communities when trying to select a system, often resulting in a perverse cycle of creating yet another management system that only sort of works for that particular community.At an high-level, these are the issues preventing widespread adoption of a single system:each system is often the result of a part-time or short-term volunteer effortsdifficult to reach a critical mass of users adoption necessary to sufficient generalize the systemchallenges in creating a critical mass of developers around the open source projectpoor understanding of global requirements (i18n/l10n, payment gateways integration, taxes, etc)hard for individual communities to evaluate the software quality attributes of a particular systemcomplexity in maintaining the software solutions and the data it generatesThis results in numerous problems, among which:time spent on management instead of makingredundant efforts invested in systemslack of support and long term maintenancelack of a defacto standard API to third party components (door locks)Frederic Bazin (founder of agora-space.com) and Ricky Ng-Adam (cofounder of xinchejian.com) with the help of Julien Choulet (a new active member and MeteorJS specialist) face these challenges regularly. Being software developers, we've decided to address these challenges by prototyping a new management system. We hope we can ensure continued development by using it as a teaching tool in addition to making it an exciting app for our members and other developers.Goals of the demoSome of the questions members can ask are:who are the members of the community?who are ACTIVE members of the community?who is in the space right now?In addition, authentication is required to gain privileged access to resources (such as Internet or the space itself) after authentication.We've decided to focus on:registering new membersassociating the device they use with memberstracking presence/absence of members in the spaceWho is there?A sequence diagram explains the flow we aimed to deliver during the hackathon:Accomplishments we're most proud ofBridging the gap between networking hardware and modern app developmentFinding creative ways to identify devices and displaying that in the interfaceChallenges we ran intoCreating a REST Endpoint the router can post IP -> MAC address mapping associated to public IPmaking sure ARP table is updated for all MAC addressescreating recurring cron job on deviceSubmitting and looking up [local IP, MAC address, public IP] on requestsCANDRA must also deal with the delay in the update of the IP -> MAC association (we know the local IP, but don't know the MAC associated yet)single organization can actually have multiple physical spaces with their own Internet routersN members * N devices * N IP addresses * N access pointsProblems connecting to external API to retrieve MAC specific information (unreliable service)Fetching and matching information between actually connected devices and ARP tableWhat we learnedMeteorJS is awesome out of the box:Fast development turn aroundEasier to teach new comersFast, responsive, reactive interfaces that update in real-timeEasier management of complex dependenciesWhat's next for CANDRAWe will continue working on the community management system in future hackathons organized at agora-space.com and as a teaching tool for codersfield.com in addition to continuing the development of it as an useful app that can be integrated to our communities. Built Withgithubjavascriptmeteor.jssemanticuishelltomatoTry it outcandra.meteor.com      Submitted to    Meteor Global Distributed Hackathon     Created by  full-stack dev of the main appJulien Chouletrouter script, requirements, Github setup, devpost project pageRicky Ng-Adamrequirements, router setup, script.Frederic BAZIN 
 Confucius is the combination of Spotify music, Soundcloud, and breaking news in one package.The inspiration came from the fact that as university students, we don't have the time to constantly be looking for the best news sources. We also don’t have time to sit down and read the news diligently, especially when we are busy. Not only that, we found that with existing news applications, we were visually distracted while online, and were not able to just listen to the articles on these websites. We came up with an app that aggregates multiple news sources and translates their articles to audio, enabling users to take news with them on the go. 
 The critical event any IT service provider cares is a service outage(e.g. HTTP 5xx response). But there are just too many variables. uptime, Java gc counts/time, CPU, I/O util, swap memory usage, etc.Whenever you try to detect a service outage before it happens, you get screwed up by those countless variables.One day, I noticed Apache Cassandra uses a very simple metrics to detect a node failure, which is based on the following theory.http://www.jaist.ac.jp/~defago/files/pdf/IS_RR_2004_010.pdfThis inspired me to try HTM against simple PING response times to predict possible high load that could generate an error. 
  
 Many refugees come to Australia with high level skills in professions such as medicine and engineering. At the same time, many businesses and organisations in Australia are unable to find staff with appropriate skills to meet the needs of their operations. We want to bridge the gap between the two by setting refugees up with mentors from their communities so that they can become job-ready in Australia and so that they can use their skills to have a fulfilling career in fields where they already have expertise. 
 As students, we discovered that our mates are not actually studying what they wanted to study in the University. Not to mention, a lot of them don't have a clear vision of their career, they just wish to simply jump on whatever they see. 
 Manage and distribute workload between robots for efficient utilization of all available robots is either tedious or not viable with Uipath built-in capability 
  
 I was inspired by the responses I received from broadcasters on Reddit, they wanted a way to easily create, edit and display schedules for their live streams, some broadcaster use an image in the panels section to link to google calendar, but a better way would be to display a dynamic schedule right in the panel section, this schedule would not only let broadcasters plan their events but also allow them to get feedback from viewers on specific events through polls and suggestions. 
 Elastic search has existed at Wayfair for a very long time. As part of the ELK stack (Elastic, Logstash, Kibana), it powers nearly all of the syslogging of our entire web service. Wayfair's heartbeat is effectively captured by these little bar graphs and line charts and are monitored 24/7 by our Frontline team to anticipate outages and react quickly and effectively. This technology is time tested and is worth its weight in gold. Its underlying architecture, Lucene, however, can do a whole lot more than just logging. Using its inverted index, it can power analytics, data modeling, and even generate recommendations! We decided to set out to prove this alternative use case for Elastic and are very pleased with the results 
 Many times while browsing the web, we are forced to see some images and content that we can't unsee. Such content is often disturbing and not appropriate to be viewed in public. It is even more harming when children are exposed to it. Battling this type of online harassment we decided to come up with a chrome plugin called Web Sanitizer. Most of the existing solutions maintain a white and blacklist of sites and block the whole site for the purpose. Many times it is not required as images come from ads and website's recommendation. We use machine learning algorithm provided by Clarifai to flag images with content that can be classified as adult and violent. This solution can be easily extrapolated to videos as well. So Happy Carefree Browsing!! 
 You are enjoying your journey on the road but in case of road accident or emergency there is • No Real time instant relief support by the people, hospitals and insurance organization for your precious life • Lack of real time data analytic to automate the insurance investigation which cut down time and fraud cases • No Call Control mechanism from browser to device at anywhere anytime to connect relief provider, helper and victim• No on-demand part manufacturing and emergency investigation process • No Motor vehicle live e-commerce. • Lack of human helping nature. • Real time traffic routing using context data set _italics_WHO states that worldwide the total number of road traffic deaths remains unacceptably high at 1.24 million per year .In which lack of traffic rule awareness and lack of instant relief process directly impact the death stats 
 Damian suggested looking deeper into Shamir's Secret Sharing, a secret sharing algorithm that could serve as an interesting encryption tool. Despite its potential use-cases, there have been limited real-life applications of the idea. Furthermore, such applications have been limited to only protecting strings. Hence, we decided to take this idea further and provide a SAAS - storing files securely using the same idea, and making it convenient to do so by abstracting away all the technicalities. 
 Our entire team is from Tembusu Residential College. We often experience inconvenience when using the washer and dryer machine as we are not sure whether the machines are used. This causes our residents to waste an immeasurable amount of time constantly checking if the machines are available for use or have completed their cycle. Thus, we thought, "Why not let the users tell others whether the machines are being used?" This will help save our time and energy as assessing the availability of the machines is just a click away!  We have witnessed Telegram Bots improving our quality of life, such as the SupperJio, CountMeIn bot and many more. Therefore, we are inspired to create this bot. :) 
 Child sponsorship programs usually do not provide sponsors efficient ways to build long-lasting, personal relationships with the child they are sponsoring. We wanted to build Telehope as a platform bridging the connection between sponsors and the children being sponsored. 
  
 I wanted to make a platformer at first but I didn't know how could I do it. So I started learning Unity. During the lessons that are about Unity basics I imagine my game. I want you to not only enjoy but also learn something too. Because there are many platformer are available on Google Play. So I made my difference with Maths and my game becomes runner. I wanted to reach everybody not only specific generation or region that's why I use Maths. I think with this game you can not only improve your practical math operations but also take great delight too :)  
 Justin Kahn was struck in the head with a baseball bat when he was 14 years old. In his teens and twenties, he would suffer from anxiety and panic attacks. When Justin was 27, he had a panic attack that scared him into seeking out the help of a neurologist. After working with her for almost a year, she discovered that he did not have PTSD. Instead, what he had been experiencing for 13 years, were seizures that were caused by the traumatic brain injury. She put him on an anti-seizure medication that alleviated what he had been experiencing.In 2009, he read an article that was in the speech that Robert Gates, the former Secretary of Defense, gave to the graduating class of West Point. He said that the Department of Defense was going to begin investing billions of dollars each year to address the PTSD epidemic plaguing all branches of the military. Justin grew up around the VA. His stepfather was an administrator for the VA. He thought that the way to address this problem would be to establish a relationship at the beginning of the service member’s career with their home state VA and have it continue into the rest of their lives. He knew from his own experience that the most effective mechanism for him to deal with his seizures, which can be similar to the symptoms of PTSD, was having someone to talk to. A lot has been done to address mental health in the military, but there are some service members that do not proactively address the issues they are dealing with. The reason is there can be a stigma attached with having mental health issues, as well as real world implications because they can be pulled away from their unit, possibly lose rank or pay, get passed over for advancement, or even be discharged. The result is, as troops transition to veteran status, some come back suffering from traumatic experiences that are having a dramatic effect on their transition back to civilian life. Justin approached the Salt Lake VA with the idea of having active duty troops being able to meet with VA practitioners from their home state while deployed, and have it be done through secure video conferencing. The VA agreed to test the concept of online care by teaching relaxation exercises to a small group veterans to see if they would have the same retention rate or better as doing in-person. When Justin received pre-seed capital in 2012 to start TruClinic, he approached his friend and software engineer, Trevor Wilkin. Justin Kahn/CEO and Trevor Wilkin/CTO have known each other since 2007, and have worked on multiple creative projects together. Brian Russon was originally introduced to TruClinic while he was with Microsoft and looking for Surface use cases in healthcare, of which we were utilizing with the University of Utah’s NICU unit. Brian joined the company initially in an advisory role for over three years before joining the company as Chief Revenue Officer. Lori Douglas joined the company as a result of her excellent work in the physician staffing industry with one of our investor/board members when we identified the need for someone to manage and grow our existing clients to ensure client success with our early adopters. Alex Zoller & Vitaly Leokumovich, co-Founders of Overl.ai joined the company in 2017 with the TruClinic acquisition of Overl.ai. Alex has over 10 years in the EHR industry and is now TruClinic's Head of Product. Vitaly is the co-Founder of IDEOM and Ego7 and is now TruClinic's VP of Engineering.  
 After reading Adam Mordecai's advice about writing 25 headlines for every piece of content you publish, I thought to myself — wouldn't it be great if there were a little microsite just for that - but with support for tweets & email subject lines too? So I built one. How it worksDepending on what type of content you're working on, the app will set character count triggers that color code your headlines. Yellow means you've passed the optimal length. Orange means you're headline is too long. And red means you've reached the maximum character limit. Your data is autosaved using localStorage, so you don't have to worry about losing any of your great prose and as of, you can share your headlines, (in read only mode). Click the "share & export" button and you'll be redirected to a permanent URL that you can share with friends & colleagues for feedback.Challenges I ran intoI could probably have written this without jQuery, but it would have taken me so. much. longer.  That said, I ran into a lot of issues figuring out how to access the inner text of my DOM elements. I think I used all of the following at some point: .text, .val(), .value, innerText, $(this), etc. As you can see on GitHub, this is some of the dirtiest code I've written in a while, but it does work.Edit, 12/9: Changed around sentence/title casing behavior so it's triggered onblur rather than onkeyup. Even with debouncing it was causing issues.Edit, 1/13: Moved email & twitter to their own subpages, created separate datastores for all three content types, massively cut down on JS, and eliminated sentence / title casing (was driving me NUTS). Edit, 1/22: Integrated spammy to flag subject lines that contain common spam triggers.Accomplishments that I'm proud ofI had an idea, and I implemented it — that's always huge for me. Also, I've gotten a lot of great feedback from fellow bloggers, copywriters, and marketers validating the idea / utility. What I learnedI had to create a sentence casing class, and using some code from SO, I learned how to extend the String prototype. All new stuff to me.What's next for 25HeadlinesI've got a few ideas below, but I'd love to hear from you. I'd like to add a progress meter  / gamification to provide some encouragement to writers — you don't want people to quit at #15.  Also, I've been thinking about a voting system (PH / HNstyle) so you can get feedback form your colleagues before you pick something. Also, maybe a way to connect this to Hootsuite or Optimizely. Oh and I might also push this through MacGap to create a desktop app, who knows?Built Withcssfirebasegithubgoogle-fontsjavascriptjquerylocalstoragespammyunderscorejsTry it outnealrs.github.iogithub.com    Created by  From the rooter to the tooter, I made this.Neal ShyamI write Devpost's weekly newsletter. I also write code. 
 Business users already collaborate with their colleagues on Cisco Spark. Forcebot for Cisco Spark was built to eliminate the app-hopping so users can quickly bring up information right from the chat console itself. This also avoids the multiple clicks needed in Salesforce, which is a big productivity drain. Forcebot also allows you to customize your notifications in the specific Space so people don't get swamped with unrelated notifications. Further, sales people should have the ability to get a quick snapshot of their sales progress from Cisco Spark. We've built Forcebot to enable sales people to work better, including the ability to chart all Opportunities closing in a bar chart, get notifications on tasks due today, claim leads right in Cisco Spark and more. 
 At one of our previous Devpost internal hackathons, Brian created the ultimate office hack. Our kitchen was too small to fit our growing team during lunch time. Sandwich making was chaos. So Brian built a sandwich cart:And today, on yet another internal hackathon, we decided to appropriately commemorate his contribution: 
 We want to make some software to prototype and show the potential and dangerous of using internet in a narcissist and exhibitionist way. We focused on the twitter generated data.what is a panopticon? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Panopticonwhat is NSA? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Security_Agency 
 Many kinds of everyday automation exist in the world of today. Home control systems allow you to control lights in your house over the internet, coffee makers start before you wake up, and you can release a small robot to vacuum your floor.While not everyone may have the need for a robotic vacuum, or want to control their house over the internet, it is extremely difficult if not impossible to find someone in the developed world who will be left unaffected by self driving vehicles. You won’t even have to own one to have your life revolutionized by them. Public transportation will become driverless, traffic flows will become seamless, and people will even release their cars out into their local area to work as taxis for them!These vehicles will need to use collision avoidance systems, still being perfected today, to stay out of the way of obstacles such as people, signs, the side of the road, and other vehicles. This kind of system is adequate in today’s world, full of traffic lights and conscious drivers, but another technology will need to be proven before humans get off the road. This technology is vehicle to vehicle communication. Without this, driverless cars will be restricted to relying on local sensors, and the traffic jams of today will only become worse. Using vehicle to vehicle communication, not only can cars practice actions such as synchronized acceleration and deceleration, alleviating these jams, but can talk to each other ahead of an intersection to avoid a collision. The latter was the focus of this project.My project used an Arduino 101, along with some electronic sensors, to convert an old remote-control car into an intelligent, driverless vehicle that can communicate with other vehicles in order to avoid an imminent collision, along with being able to avoid simple obstacles. 
 "If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of" - Bruce Lee"Ngaret".. a word that heard really familiar in our ears and it is like becoming Culture in Indonesia in negative ways. Most people “ngaret” when doing their daily activity or often this activity give bad impact on other people around them including to us. Such thing inspires us to solve the bad culture by developing an android-based application.During the development process, we investigate and discuss with those people who likes “ngaret” and found that there are two factors caused which is Internal and External factors. We define the Internal factor caused such as habit (or we call it previously as culture), laziness, and forget, while the external factors are traffic, accident, or natural disasters.Referring to the above factors, we assume that the main reason of the “ngaret” is “HABIT” and the only solution is moving on and realizing the negative effects if we do our activity “ngaret” instead of being punctual. In conclusion, Faster “Ngaret” habit you remove, Faster advantages you will get. Be Punctual not Ngaret! 
 Simply put, mobile data is expensive. With companies such as Rogers charging upwards of $10 for a mere 100 mb, using data is often extremely cost-ineffective. Thankfully, there's Thinq, which helps you get information without using any mobile data whatsoever.What it DoesThinq accepts user SMS messages, and parses them through our natural-language AI. It determines what action you are trying to take, and delivers relevant information to you. Examples of the capabilities of this app include getting directions, summarizing topics, getting the weather, defining words, searching the stock market, getting news, and even answering miscellaneous questions. All of this, without the need for any internet access. Thinq is the one-stop-shop, ultimate search engine for SMS.Built Withapidictionary-definitionsjavascriptmapsnews-apinode.jsopenweathermapsmmrytwiliowolfram-technologiesTry it outthinq.tech      Submitted to    THacks 2Winner                1st Place              Winner                Best Pitch              Winner                RBC's #FutureMaker's Award for the Most Innovative Solution                  Created by  Lokhin WuNicholas CarrFeng GuoJust a small town boy working on his math and eating riceYash Arorathis.doesNotLike(java); 
 In today's world, there are experts in every field. Your neighbors, your best friends, people you see every day or those you have never met could be possible experts or at least knowledgeable in the field of your question. Instead of having to find clunky explanations online, search and filter through hours of youtube content, or even set up meetings with tutors days in advance to understand concepts, problems or doubts, Guru saves the day.  
  
 It all started during a customer meeting when we received a  request for having a wall-board for Service Desk metrics which needed to be  aggregated across several Service-Desk projects. We decided to create the add-on using the Atlassian Connect framework to start with. 
 Gone are the days of practicing public speaking in a mirror. You shouldn’t need an auditorium full of hundreds of people to be able to visualize giving a keynote speech. This app allows people to put themselves in public speaking situations that are difficult to emulate in every day life. We also wanted to give anyone who wants to improve their speech, including those with speech impediments, a safe space to practice and attain feedback.  
 We build smart clothes with an ability of motion tracking. The main 2 things are:1) You don't need any cameras, hence our product can be used in anywhere unlike Kinect, for example.     It can be used either for AR gaming in the street and for sports education. Imagine you are a coach and you are training someone wearing our smart clothes. With our clothes you can view 3d model of the sportsman in real-time and this brings analysis of sportsmen's motions to another level. Also it is possible to add some extensions for such a clothes to make our system report sportsmen about their mistakes automaticaly!2) Our smart clothes are extremely cheap compared to other solutions - it's total cost doesn't exceed 20$ !!! 
  
  
  
 Finding a good bathroom is essential to the human condition. FourPly makes it easy to make smart bathroom choices. Once you're there, FourPly becomes your bathroom companion. Leave your mark with virtual AR graffiti and see what others have left behind. Find out where the person one stall over got their awesome shoes with anonymous chat. And if you are in a jam, call for an emergency toilet paper delivery with Postmates. 
 My grandmother has Diabetes and I have a big family I was thinking that if people in my family can understand how to better prevent Diabetes through better nutrition habits the idea could prove useful. 
  
  
 My inspiration was my Grandmother who died when I was young due to Alzheimer''s. I was pretty young but I really wanted to do something to help her anyway I could. Eventually I did become a programmer and started exploring new technologies to ideate and innovate. I found the Alexa Skills Challenge on Devpost and put my registration in. So, I created this AI based Doctor that gives a user his/her diagnosis based on the symptoms. I knew that there are no existing apps in the market for public use that even remotely gives the user a steady description. I did my research. This allowed my to think freely and move in towards building my code. Hence, I built Medical Assistant. I kept the name simple as it is what it's name sounds to be. 
  
 With all the challenges that humankind needs to take, the biggest hope rely on young people and the next generations. Education is the most powerful way to bring awareness about those challenges, and gaming and entertainment are some of the main ways to communicate this awareness. 
 After creating my first APL skill I was really intrigued with what else I could do that would really create an enjoyable & fun user experience on a multimodal device, and which would would be just as awesome on a speak only (headless) device #voicefirst. It will sound really corny, but the idea for this skill came to me in a dream.I decided to combine my passion of music creation and coding to create Loop It! An Alexa skill that lets you choose from a variety of audio loops to create your own audio track. 
 There was recently an article on TechCrunch about how APIs are the new FTEs. Thinking about how usually startups have limited resources we thought we want to help start ups and companies that do not have the capacity to hire back-end developers to create REST APIs that support their front-end applications. We tried to come up with an approach that is flexible and easy to use. 
  
 You hear “Where is/are” anywhere. We have a lot of applications like Google map. However, you sometimes cannot find what you are looking for because these applications are most often show in 2D mainly. Furthemore, it is annoying to use only 2D information because you have to look for an application and real world back and forth. So, we resolve this problem by using this new AR Navigation System which guides you to where you are looking for by following arrows which show in both of 2D and 3D.  
  
 I was inspired to create ConnectOnCommute after experiencing my own new tribe moment moving out to Boston. I found it very challenging to break out and meet new people, make new friends, and really feel like I 'belonged' in my community here. After a few weeks of feeling increasingly disconnected from my environment, I decided to put on a namebadge that said "Ask me about tacos". Within the 4 hours I had been wearing the badge, 14 different people would jokingly walk up and.. well.. ask me about tacos. Before I knew it I was having a random conversation with almost each one of them. After talking to some other people about my feelings at the beginning of my journey here, I found that I wasn't alone in feeling alone. It turns out 48% of Americans feel lonely most or all of the time, and 52% feel that no-one knows them well. Our brains have evolved to need social acceptance in much of the same way that we need food and oxygen- and it's because of this that many studies agree chronic loneliness can be more detrimental to our health than obesity and equivalent to smoking a pack of cigarettes a day.When I got to #HackHarvard2019, I had spent a lot of time thinking about that experience and wanted to see how my team could use tech to help foster a world of more deep, meaningful connections. Social media does a great job maintaining friendships once they start, but there's somewhat of a gap in initializing that first conversation; ConnectOnCommute was designed specifically do promote serendipitous interactions with the people to the left and right of us, all across our community.  
 My Alternative Spring Break trip from the Pennoni Honors College last year focused on homelessness. I spent a week living at a homeless shelter in Old City and each day would volunteer at a different food bank and shelter. I spent a lot of time sitting down with individuals who had no permanent residence and asked them if there was anything I could do to help. A lot of individuals mentioned that the only access they had to internet was via the public library or free internet kiosks; however, almost everyone had a private non-smartphone. 
  
 In the development of Adroit, we were inspired by the design process itself - as we yearned to arrive at a chosen problem which would address healthcare, social good, fintech, education, or better yet a combination of the four. While brainstorming ideas for such problem statements, we agreed there was potential for using natural language processing to analyze frustrations and complaints, using human-centered design principles to light the way. We began designing a way to provide hackathoners and businesses with problem statements so they can focus on what they do best - solving them.Out of this idea came Adroit, an easy-to-use reputation and sentiment analysis tool. We sought a project that would challenge us with skills and frameworks which are new to us, while also keeping human-centered design in focus. Adroit is both a business/fintech tool - intended to help companies identify their weaknesses - as well as generalizable software which allows users to discover problems in any domain. Enter a search term and see what complaints people have about it, and get a summary of the most frequent commentary!  JetBlue use case: As one use case, Adroit was designed to meet @jetBlue's design requirements. We hypothesized that aggregating complaints from social media and analyzing their similarities could point to services that may need attention, indicating recent major customer concerns with the company. Although Adroit's knowledge is currently drawn specifically from Twitter and we do recommend further development using other data sources, a test run on recent data indicates, for instance, "wheelchair" and "mobility" as major concerns, identifying accessibility as potential business priorities. 
 One of our team members won an arduino so we decided to use it and learn how to interface a temp sensor to the internet.   
  
 Ambient Orbs, Chumby, PS3 Dashboard, and the 1st Gen Xbox Interface are inspirations for Colossus. Colossus builds upon the idea of a dashboard with an enhanced IoT twist--you can track information that's important to you (i.e. biorhythms, calorie counter, medication reminder, stock tracker, etc...) and have it display or have a server calculate an answer for you and display the answer on an Colossus' LCD or have Colossus interact with you once it detects that are close-by via a proximity sensor. 
 Wanted to make word documents more effective 
  
  
 I am working on a intelligent bots that will help people do more through natural language. Imagine a world whereyou can chat with an AMC bot and book your movies or a 49ers bot to learn about the latest game. These botswith need a corpus of knowledge to make sense of what the user is saying. HTMs seem like a natural fit due totheir strong biological concepts and the highly connected nature of the HTM memory.   
  
 Dry Driver was inspired by the recent flooding in Houston that left thousands stranded and with little knowledge about where flooding was actually happening. 
  
  
 Back in 2007, I was a young design engineer at Caterpillar, working on CAD models of engine parts. It was neat and all, but I hated having to use my mouse + some fancy keyboard work to spin / move / scale models. It was both  hands on the table all the time. I dreamed of something more Minority Report—an interface where I could just flick the air in front of me and the model would move. Something like this: Careful, Chief. Dig up the past, all you get is dirty.While things have gotten a lot better (touch screens), I'd still like a lean-back interface where I could contemplate the world while effortlessly spinning my models.And with CAD Viewer, I think I'm halfway (ok, 10%) there. 
  
 Our inspiration to create "Issue Dependencies Viewer" was our customers and our own experience with complex projects, where issues dependencies get so complicated, that Project managers have real hard time finding out why certain issues get delayed over time due to other issues. Having an easy way to view issues dependencies is vital for the management to take timely actions, re-distribute the resources and ultimately avoid missing the deadline. 
  
 Disaster, we want to find and help people who are under the rubble quickly.Normally, we want to reduce the people who die alone. 
  
  
  
  
 Nagging your kids to go to bed can really ruin the relaxed atmosphere needed to fall asleep. I wanted to create an experience where Alexa can help kids complete their bedtime routine, transition into a peaceful evening mode, and inspire them to come up with happy thoughts before bedtime to increase the chance of falling asleep in a good mood and have good dreams and a good night's sleep. 
  
 Grudemy 
 research by Sergey Kibish on finding Anomalies using clustering  
  
 Visiting an office you have been to multiple times and still having to check-in using archaic and inefficient technology is a drag. Pens and paper? No thanks! Filling out the same digital form again? Even worse! It's slow and costly and organizations spend countless hours managing written data. It is time for something better.  
 The idea came as a way to bring conversation and work closer. We spend most of our time talking on HipChat and less time on Jira. A to-do list in a room, that is always visible, is a great way to create focus in a conversation. The to-do list ensures everyone knows the important things to look after and keeps everyone in the loop about what is being done.  
 There was a moment where I wanted to take a really quick note without having to go through the hassle of creating a note in Notes. I had my browser open but there weren't any light-weight note taking applications that allowed you to use HTML and Markdown that I knew of. So I came up with the concept of Notus. 
 I recently had to use a captcha and was frustrated by how many tries it took me to prove that I wasn't a robot. Then it hit me, why are we looking at squigly text, what's more human than emotions? I had just looked through indico.io's list of apis and saw that they had a facial emotion detection api and it looked pretty doable to implement, so I thought why not create a proof of concept for the first emotional captcha.How it worksEmotcha shows a user an image of a human's face and the emotional profile of the face. Next to that is a live webcam view of the user and a stream of their emotional profile. Once the profiles match, the user is able to login to the mock website.Challenges I ran intoThe indico api expects just faces, so I had to implement live facial localization into the algorithm. Doing this while also fighting to keep the webcam view as smooth as possible was quite challengingAccomplishments that I'm proud ofI'm proud of the general user experience of the proof of concept, that it just works. What I learnedI learned how to implement a variety of powerful tools, indico.io's apis, materialize's beautiful css framework, and facial detectionWhat's next for EmotchaNext is to make it responsive (cause it really isn't, curse of being a backend guy) and perhaps package it up on npm so that other developers could actually use it in the futureBuilt Withcsshandlebars.jsindico.iojavascriptmaterializeTry it outgithub.comemotcha.herokuapp.com      Submitted to    Reinvent the Selfie | Summer JamWinner                Twilio Grand Prize - Take Your Selfies to the Next Level              Winner                All you can EaaS                  Created by  Austin Greene 
 When working with StepNC data our team realized that our project could be adapted to use real machining data. MTConnect allows our simultation to be used in much more powerful ways. We envision our project being used in various commercial applications to provide real time monitoring of several machines from one location. Through the use of this software, the efficiency of the manufacturing industry could also be improved by up to or exceeding 15%. The MTConnect data correlates well with STEP-NC data which is our team's main inspiration.  
 We wanted to give people a tool to share their Devpost profiles on other websites. This way developers can get credit for their work off of Devpost, not just on it. 
  
 Hundreds of companies have been using Canned Responses on JIRA Server. After gaining my first experience in writing JIRA Cloud add-ons I thought that it's a perfect moment to blend recently gaining attraction Canned Responses add-on with my recent knowledge about Cloud API and with the desire to make something truly awesome!It also resolves 4th top voted issue for JIRA Service Desk - auto reply template feature. 
 Every day we are exposed to harmful levels of noise and don't even realize it. Studies show the adverse impact of sustained or prolonged loud noise on our health is not just limited to hearing impairment, but can include increased risk of hypertension, heart disease and stress. Annoyance, sleep disturbance and decreased school performance are also sufficiently attributed to noise exposure (ref: Passchier-Vermeer W, Passchier WF (2000). "Noise exposure and public health". Environ. Health Perspect. 108 (Suppl 1): 123–31. doi:10.2307/3454637). Additionally, in occupational settings there are tools that have been developed delineating high-risk noise exposure zones based on point source measurement, but there is a need for a cost effective personal noise exposure capture device used for data collection and visualization in real-time. Deployment of ten or a dozen NEATVIBEwear devices in a single factory/plant production area is more cost effective than procurement of one industrial noise monitoring handheld device. To reliably assess exposure to occupational risk factors it is vital to have estimates of where workers spend their time and how they spend it. The study of Time Activity Patterns (TAP) attempts to answers these questions.  Most time-activity studies for health data collection are written in diaries or entered in on-line surveys, which are inherently biased due to differing degrees of recall and accuracy in reporting (ref: Time Activity Patterns in Exposure Assessment, EUR 15892 Report, EC Directorate on Science., R&D, 1995). Some TAP studies now can be mobile device enabled, but few (if any) record real-time noise exposure coupled with time-activity data. Fitness trackers have similar functionality, but do not include noise exposure.  Collection of accurate, cost-effective real-time TAP and noise exposure would enable factory or plant workers to better protect themselves from risk of hearing loss and other noise-associated harms as studies show work-induced hearing loss is a result of repetitive high noise exposure and workers who are overexposed to noise are at risk for developing hypertension (ref: Assessing High Noise Areas, G.Battista, OH&S, May 2016).The National Institute of Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH) within the Center for Disease Control (CDC) has established exposure limits for various decibel (dB) ranges, and yet most people aren't aware of their exposure to noise nor exposure at various noise levels.Although there are smart phone apps that can measure dB levels, these apps are limited as they can produce false and/or interrupted readings resulting from phone calls, texts and/or when the app is closed. Additionally, the Smartphone sampling rates may be constrained and battery life can be a concern as well. Finally, if the Smartphone is off it can't capture noise level information.Hence, a Noise Exposure, Activity-Time and Vibration Wearable (NEATVIBEwear) device!! What NEATVIBEwear doesNEATVIBEwear is a personal noise capture device integrated to a Smartphone (for the purpose of displaying information) giving users the ability to:View real-time noise exposure at a glanceMonitor and track cumulative noise exposure either on the NIOSH scale or broader "Health Risk" scaleSave summary exposure information to log noise cumulative exposure over timeReview and understand available information regarding noise exposureHow we built itNEATVIBEwear is an integration between a personal noise capture device built using an Arduino 101 with the Grove Loudness Sensor (with the potentiometer for adjusting gain and a wide frequency range) and Android Smartphone running the gaming platform Unity as it provides the ability to render a representation of the real-time sound in a 3D color coded simulation. The Arduino 101 and the Smartphone are integrated through the Arduino 101's on-board Curie Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) capability.We use the standard formula (20*log10(V/Vo) to convert the electrical signal from the loudness sensor to dBs and then use additional mapping and smoothing calculations to calibrate the dB readings to external digital sound level meter (SLM) readings. This approach is ideal and practical for showing both NIOSH and "Health Risk" scales of noise levels of exposure.Challenges we ran intoWorking with new technology always presents challenges and we can't think of anything that wasn’t associated to some challenge. Below are the major challenges we encountered:Understanding the BLE architecture and how to use it from publish-subscribe APIs to UUIDs for the services and characteristics.Learning how to manage the BLE states and hex data conversion within the Unity C# scripts.Figuring out how to convert the loudness sensor electrical signal output to accurate dB readings across a range of noise frequencies to display on the mobile app including use of signal to dB conversion, equations for mapping and smoothing and a SLM for refined calibration.Realizing our expected use for the Grove Vibration Sensor was not in align with the intended use for the sensor resulting in a re-directing of our focus toward the more important noise monitoring and tracking and removal of the scope associated with the vibration and motion sensing. We learned that our original expectation for the vibration sensor based on web findings, for instance, to detect and quantify the low frequency rumble of a motor or vibration imparted to the NEATVIBEwear device was just not correct.Accomplishments that we're proud ofHaving developed a product to help people understand their own personal noise exposure and more importantly their cumulative exposure at various noise levels which is an important step to reduce their noise exposure and associated risks to their health.  Creating a product with a framework for capturing noise data for further research and studies.Deciding to use the Smartphone as only a display device reducing the risks of bad data and/or insufficiently granular data. Selecting Unity as the rendering and display environment as it opens up opportunities to integrate real-time sensor data easily with a multitude of delivery platforms including: mobile, PC, browser and as well Virtual Reality (VR), Augmented Reality (AR) and Mixed Reality (MR). Successfully integrating components together that we had never used or integrated together before in a very short time period.What we learnedTaking on challenges with only little to no experience can be exceptionally rewarding, exciting and fun! One never knows what one can learn!Using emerging technologies have the potential to define opportunities in the future with just a bit of creativity. Working with the Arduino 101 and the Grove Starter Kit Plus on the hack opened up our eyes to how exciting these products are as we have only used a couple of the sensors. We are now Arduino 101 and Grove sensor evangelists! Stopping work on this idea is not an option as we now see the important value NEATVIBEwear can have reducing health risks to individuals and society in addition to providing better consistency and quality data to research and studies, for example, crowd sourcing data from multiple NEATVIBEwear users within a noise-impacted area.What's next for NEATVIBEwearWe are currently planning to:Enhance the functionality and capability to support not only a better user interface, but additionally to educate users that they are not just helping themselves reduce health risks, but they are "Citizen Scientists" providing important information for research and studies to reduce health risks throughout society. Improve the quality and accuracy of the data calculations to increase the value of the information captured for research and studies. We used a fairly simplistic approach to meet the hack objective to show the exposure for both NIOSH and "Health Risk" noise level scales. More precise calculations would be necessary to support research and study needs. Work with companies and institutions (e.g. - manufacturing plants, hospitals, construction companies, etc.) who expose their employees to high noise levels and redesign this product to help employers understand those exposure levels as well as reduce the health risks associated to noise exposure to better protect the health of their employees. Add capability to save detailed data on the Arduino coupled with the functionality to send that detailed data to the cloud to better support research and studies in addition to IOT opportunities and initiatives. Built Withandroidarduino-101bluetoothc#curie-bluetooth-legrove-starter-kit-plusunityTry it outdrive.google.com      Submitted to    Intel Hacks 2017    Created by  I was the solution architect, project manager, sketch developer, BLE integration developer and primary hack documentation developer.  This was my first time developing a sketch and using BLE.Steve DoroffDeveloping 3D interactive solutions helping innovative companies with product development, operational efficiency and marketing.I contributed the health-based rationale for design and application of the solutionDoug LeafferEnvironmental Engineer focusing on engineered solutions to measure, monitor and mitigate adverse health impacts from noise and air pollutionI enabled cloud storage interop between Amazon S3 and UnityMark HendersonI developed the mobile app with Unity and serialized all data from the device for Amazon Web Service storage. I also created the made the video.Jordan Cruz 
 As college students, we found that we spent a lot of our time in lines--whether it was the line at the dining hall entrance, in front of the squat rack, or into the big basketball game.  While getting lost in some of these crowds is inevitable, a lot of frustration and waiting could have been avoided if we simply knew how congested these places were before we left our dorm rooms.  If we had a way to monitor everyone on campus, we could figure out when to head to the gym, find the ideal quiet studying spot, and determine when to line up at our favorite campus eatery.Of course monitoring everyone is not feasible--but perhaps we could get close.  We decided that all we needed to do was monitor all of the doors going in and out of each of these places of interest.  This would allow us to compute the population of our favorite places in real time -- and with this, help us plan our days better.  Ideally, we would like to have something to the effect of placing a turnstile near each of these doors.  However, conventional turnstiles are big and bulky, and no one likes having to walk through them everywhere they go.  Was there a way to do this in a less intrusive manner?We had previous experience using ultrasonic sensors and accelerometers in a biomedical devices laboratory in college, and we decided to combine these sensors into a more advanced occupancy sensor device. The Arduino 101 was simply the best device to develop on. The internal inertial motion unit, Bluetooth low-energy communications, I2C bus connectivity, Arduino community, and sensor module libraries all came together to produce a cohesive device for us. 
 Small scale braille printers cost between $1800 and $5000.  We think that this is too much money to spend for simple communication and it has acted as a barrier for many blind people for a long time.  We plan to change this by offering a quick, affordable, precise solution to this problem. 
  
 2 am McDonalds runs 
 1200.aero was created by a small team of pilots and aviation enthusiasts. Inspiration came from a near-mid-air collision one of the authors experienced in the fall of 2015 as he departed his favorite airport. In the information age, there is still no data about the airspace surrounding small airports, and that's what we're set out to improve. 
 As a student, nothing brings more cheers than the knowledge of free food. After burning all those calories running computers, losing track of time, and when your turn to food, there is hardly any food left. You start to worry, where you can find food on the campus. Well for UMBC students, you don’t have to worry anymore, download our app, “Feed Me” and you have the listings of all the food you can find on the campus. Expensive, cheap or free, no matter what we have listed it on our app and where you can get. 
 In Morocco we have this issue of finding quickly a taxi cab. 
  
  
 -The inspiration for the project was inspired by a few ideas and goals of each team member based on work  and research experience as well as first-hand experience. The idea to create a central hub that not only aggregates multiple routing data sources that are not normally linked together (such as driving a to a bike location and then cycling), but creates routes optimized for individuals users based on their personal preferences is a novel and exciting endeavor. Furthermore, route selection is usually done without users being fully knowledgeable of the consequences or how other routes may offer other scenarios that may be potentially beneficial to the user.  
 As an Office 365 customer, we have got several productivity and collaboration tools like Groups, Teams, Planner etc to drive our business. Microsoft has designed these tools keeping in mind to help SMB business owners to take care of their business themselves. Even though Microsoft provides such a wonderful toolset, as a business owner, we find difficult to deal with day-to-day support / sales tickets and define internal process as the tasks related to it span across different Office 365 Groups.We understand that Planner is built with the mindset of people collaborating within a Group/Plan. When we need to create/assign a task for another Group/Plan which we are not a member of, Email is the only way.As a SharePoint user, we know how to use SharePoint in most of the scenario we talk about, but it is painful for a Business owner to customize SharePoint to match his business needs as IT is governed by business owners in a majority of SMBs.So we realized the value of connecting the dots in Office 365 and make Office 365 even more productive. This is how the idea of Office 365 Cards evolved. Office 365 Cards empowers you to gather, organize, collaborate and view all related information as List & Cards. 
 Working in teams is todays new normal. Microsoft provides us with great service, Microsoft Teams. One of our goals in iGlobe is the dream of one workspace. Having all the information and programs you need at anytime and anyplace. Important however, is to have it all just one click away. Microsoft Teams gives us exactly that. You can have, Chat, calls, meetings, create a Planner, insert a SharePoint Site, and many other services.  We want iGlobe CRM Office 365 users to have access from teams to selected customers. Making it possible to get customer information directly from within the team not having to go from one service to another.  Breaking down silos and realising the dream of one workplace.  
  
 Sometimes in college, you don't have time to cook, and you want food ready for you when you get home. 
  
 One of our colleagues grew up on a farm in Iowa.  We wanted to see if we could mash up the USDA datasets to help existing farmers become more productive. As we undertook this challenge, we kept a few design principles in mind: keep the data local and relevant to farmers, and layer interesting data on maps to draw insightful conclusions. 
 I created this project to help people and I found my problem myself because I encountered with it. I wake up very early to go to school. At that time my family is sleeping and I don't want them to wake up. Our windows and curtains are closed at that time that's why I can't see the weather condition. I had a problem with rain and temperature last school year. In the end I want to make a Weather Station to see and get real time data and be ready for it. 
 Have you ever wondered whether your repository is feeling sad, angry or joyful? A good code always needs to be happy in order to run well, so the point of this project is to know which are the feelings of public repositories in github. 
 Nobody in the group was willing to offer up their car for automation. A grocery cart was our next best option. Thank you to Kroger for believing in a future that does not involve gross hands by letting us borrow one of theirs for a weekend. 
 It's a hackathon. It's Valentine's Day. Why not. 
 We are a group of math students and we love abstract and crazy ideas. We decided to develop this game as it's a continous game that depends on diferent timelines.How we built itWe developed the WebGL engine in static javascript and html and then wrapped all with node (express), bootstrap and mongodb.We used heroku and mLab for the free deployment and exposition.Challenges we ran intoMind-lowing algorithms about how we could store all the movements done in the present. Also the challenges we made were pretty difficult lol (level 4).Accomplishments that we're proud ofWe managed to find the weekly PIN of The Game, that UNIX timestamp...What we learnedNot about p-adics... :( But who knows... Maybe the nex time? Stay tuned!AboutOur project is hosted in github here.Built Withbootstrapexpress.jsnode.jsthree.jsTry it outtensorblock.tech      Submitted to    HackUPC 2018Winner                Best Video Game                  Created by  Helped to setup the three.js enviroment for the game and structured the node.js project including the mongo database.Taras YaremaI worked on the logic of the game defining the mind-fucking structure that is derived from time travels. Learned a lot about threejs.Marco PraderioM315Nil Garcés 
  
 Devpost works with tons of cool companies and attends hackathons all over the place. Laptop stickers are one of our favorite things, but we ran out of room on our laptops. How I built itDoes it count as a 24 hour project if I've been hoarding laptop stickers for 18 months? I attached a few sheets of posterboard, measured and sketched out the letters, then filled them in with a lot of stickers.`Challenges I ran intoThe robot in the P tried to rise up against me and tore the paper between the S and T. I put him back in his robot place so we're all safe. You're welcome.What's next for Devpost Sticker WallHopefully, it will hang in our office and remind us of all the great people we've worked with and the amazing stuff our users have built. If your sticker is represented in here, you are obligated to vote for me.Built Withmore-stickersposterboardscissorsstickerstape      Submitted to    Devpost Hackathon 2015    Created by  Stefanie MaccaroneHello!Cassie Breen 
  
  
  
 After talking to more than 80+ Instagram brands and influencers, we identified they have a serious problem when it comes to audience engagement. Sometimes their audience doesn't feel motivated to engage with their content and that could lead to lower brand visibility due to Instagram feed algorithm. The Kin tokens are game-changer that has potential to put community engagement on steroids. But Instagram brands, influencers and celebrities (ex: local salon, restaurant, fashion models, travellers etc...) are not tech-savvy to empower their community with Kin and these are the people who always crave to increase engagement ratio within their audience community for organic growth.  
 Over the years, our country has witnessed numerous cases regarding missing children and abduction.Our aim is to take one step in this direction and solve some problems related to child kidnapping and missing. 
 We desired to create decentralized QR-Code based AirDrops on real-life events with O(1) upfront transactions. 
 As technology advances, we are finding new and exciting ways to interact with and virtualize the world around us. Augmented Reality is a powerful way for us to utilize technology to improve our everyday lives. What better use of AR, than a Personal Assistant that is there whenever you need them, and out of your hair the instant you want them gone? The HoloBot is the answer! 
  
 Simply put, our project bridge the gap between science fiction and reality. We are a group of anime fans who dreamed of anime characters coming to real life since our childhood. In the past 3 days, we made our dreams come true. Our AR battle simulator projects hologram on our favourite anime characters to bring them to life. We achieved two main goals: projecting hologram to bring our anime protagonist to live; casting Japanese ninjutsu in hologram form through ML Hand Sign Recognition. These used to be only items that exists in anime classics such as Naruto (an anime about Japanese Ninjas) , Yugioh (an anime about a card game that can summon virtual/real monsters), but today we brought them from the 2D display to the 3D world.  A small step for 4 anime fans, a giant leap for the anime community. In addition, the anime industry is a huge untapped market in the west. According to Hollywoodreport, the revenue of the anime industry in 2017 was 19.1 billion USD. The industry is full of figure collectors that are more than willing to pay for innovative anime merchandise. Not only is our project a major breakthrough for the anime community, it is also potentially extremely profitable.  
 Do you envy people who can bust out some fire freestyle raps about absolutely anything? I certainly do. That's why I wrote a bot for people like us. 
 I love kids.So,I make this drawing game for them.Not inspired by someone,Its my own Creativity.This will help kids to learn something new.  
 I'm a single dad and veteran of developing Alexa skills like "The Tickle Monster Game!" and experimental skills for work.When My kids are at my house, they sometimes want to remind Mommy to drop something by, or just send an occasional sweet message. Till now, this meant borrowing my phone to call or text. However, the logistics are sometimes awkward and confusing to Mom, plus my younger kids can't text message because they don't know how to spell.Enter Mommy-gram! 
 We think Tinder is shallow as user only matches other people based on their profile photos, we therefore want to create a "healthier" type of matching/dating app based on a widely applicable sports: Jogging. We bring RunMate to the world for hobby joggers to discover new running routes in the city and meet new joggers based on the running interest. 
  
  
  
 Have you ever been out with friends or colleagues, and no one can decide where to eat? You go to Yelp and get lost among the tons of choices! 
 Got bored. Saw like 2 videos on YouTube that had SAO menu systems. Wanted to make a carbon copy of the one in the anime. 
 We wanted to change and revitalize profile submission. So we came up with a bunch of different, intuitive and fun ways for users to answers questions and submit their answers. 
 While sorting and scanning our grandmother’s collection of personal papers, we were overwhelmed in a sea of letters, diaries, photos, and other personal documents. As we pored over the handwritten pages, we realized we needed a solution beyond just digitizing.Already avid indexers and family historians, we envisioned a tool that enables individuals, families, and organizations to index and tag their own histories—letters, journals, and other personal records—resulting in an accessible, searchable, archive. With the power indexing has to bridge generations, cross religious and cultural boundaries, and unite people, we became determined to bring family collections of written documents out of obscurity through indexing. These documents—replete with names, places, and stories—will enrich a family’s history, connect records to researchers, and fuel the find for historians everywhere. 
 Too often, we wake up to an inbox flooded with promotional emails. You can go through each of them to make sure you see everything, or you can skip over them to save time and wind up missing out on something you really want.  Nobody likes the feeling of finding out their favorite band is performing nearby once tickets have sold out or hearing about a great sale at a store they love after it’s ended; but keeping up with so many emails can get very time-consuming. With Steez, you don’t have to settle for either alternative.Steez checks your incoming promotional emails for you and finds the announcements, events, and deals that match your personal taste, so you can break free from your inundated inbox with the comfort of knowing you won’t miss a thing. How it worksWe get to know your steez by connecting to Foursquare and Spotify’s API’s to import your favorite places to go and your favorite music to listen to. We also track your online purchase activity using Context.IO’s email API to better understand where you like to shop and dine through order confirmation emails from stores and services like OpenTable. Equipped with all of this knowledge about your preferences, we’re able to provide you with a personalized experience that’s far simpler and faster than any encounter you’ve had with your email inbox. Just sign up with your email address to connect to Context.IO’s API and we’ll start searching your incoming emails for announcements, events and deals that feature your steez and notify you of them when you log in. You can easily adjust your preferences on your profile and we’ll pick up on any changes you make within Foursquare or Spotify so we can continue to cater to your steez.Challenges I ran intoThe main challenge I faced was developing this app on my own in a language I had never used before. It was also very challenging to extract the relevant details from deals and events referenced in emails, given the wide array of HTML structures out there. Accomplishments that I'm proud ofI’m proud that I finished building the app despite the challenges and was able to learn a new programming language (Javascript) along with many new technologies (Node.js, Express, MongoDB, Jade) in doing so. I feel that this is more than I ever could have learned in a classroom so I’m very grateful to have had the opportunity to participate. Built Withcontext.ioexpress.jsfoursquareherokujadejavascriptjquerymongodbnode.jsspotifyTry it outwww.mysteez.co      Submitted to    Context.IO App Challenge    Created by  Alexandra Bennett 
 To create something new and exciting 
 The inspiration comes from a problem all 3 of us experienced in college. As avid music listeners, we want to hear what our friends hear. But what if you could stream along with them live? The solution is Overhear. 
 We just love to excite people and make their lives more efficient. 
 We wanted to build a product that is useful and productive. A product that has multiple functionality and can help a person in his day to day activity.  
 Being a Pub Crawl organizer and participant, I always noticed that making routes for 15 teams and 10 stops is a tedious task. 
  
  
 Dialing while driving everyday is important and unsafe! I had to find a way to safely make my phone calls where Siri didn't really help 
  
 Our App Office Insights enables employees to schedule meeting rooms based on their availability using Voice Commands.Finding meeting rooms and scheduling meetings has always been a challenge for developers who just want to brainstorm and pair program their way to building successful apps. Also, we wanted the ability to tell folks in a meeting room when their meeting is about to end and book a room available if they needed more time. 
 Microsoft Office 365The concept of “going to work”, arriving at a specific location and working on a specific task either as an individual or with the same group of people has changed. The “office” workplace is becoming a collaboration hub where employees meet “face-to-face” anytime anywhere and spend time connecting with each other. Work is increasingly occurring in teams, in shared space, both in or outside the "office".For that we need to Re-Design of the Workplace, transformation in work with a need to adapt to where and how employees work. Transforming employees changing the workplace itself is relatively easy. Changing the behaviors and mind-set needed to work effectively and realize the benefits of workplace changes is challenging. Office 365 is a unique platform for both small, mid and large enterprises. We want to make Plug & Play extension for small companies. A simply Office 365 CRM Business Collection for small companies that will work on any device. 
 XR technologies enable us to visualize things that are intangible, and we want to take advantage of this opportunity to enhance the process of designing for design elements that are inherently non-visual. These tools can influence design in a new way.What Sound Space DoesProvides architects with a visual tool to be more sensitive and aware of the acoustic impacts of their different design options.OUR TEAMTEAM MEMBER 1: Luke Gehron works at Payette (architecture) in Boston where he has previous research work in creating acoustic simulations/visualizations for architecture. For this project he developed the C# script in Unity to control the particle simulation. He has a BArch from  Auburn University.TEAM MEMBER 2: Christopher Morse works at SHoP Architects in NYC. Has extensive experience in VR, specifically related to how it integrates into the architectural realm. Key previous VR project includes the Jenny Sabin Studio MoMA PS1 entry. He has a Masters Degree in Architecture from Cornell.TEAM MEMBER 3: Sabrina Naumovski is a Senior Research/Design Fellow at TerreformONE in Brooklyn, NY. She received her graduate degree from the Institute for Advanced Architecture of Catalonia (IAAC), and her B.Arch from NJIT.TEAM MEMBER 4:  Adam Chernick works at SHoP where he researches and develops for the Architecture, Engineering, and Construction industry and previously at HOK. He received his M.Arch from Pratt, and his bachelors degree from University of Colorado.TEAM MEMBER 5: Zeyu Ren is currently a graduate Student at RISD in the Digital Arts program.Built WithforgeunityTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    Reality Virtually Hackathon at the MIT Media Lab Returns Year 3 January 17 - 21, 2019Winner                Best use of Autodesk forge cloud platform              Winner                Best in Industrial & Commercial                  Created by  I worked on the Forge Web Application. Getting our Revit Model and Data through to Unity/VR. Adam ChernickI do R&D for the Architecture, Engineering, and Construction industryI worked on the visual effects, animation, and visual development with After Effects and Unity.Zeyu RenI worked on the user interface in Unity, the 3D model in Revit, and the general graphic design, specifically of the UI.Sabrina NaumovskiArchitect, Designer, ResearcherChristopher MorseLuke Gehron 
 So I became Alexa Developer a few months back. I'm a Third Year CSE student and always loved to explore and experiment with the technology around me. Voice is the next big thing in the industry with over Millions of AI enabled voice assistant devices already in the market. This is my first skill using APL and I hope it results out good. Didn't have much time to develop as my academic work was also there, but still I'm happy with my end results. Inspiration for this skill came to me from daily foodie desires. I always ask my mom to cook me something new everyday, but we can't decide what to make half of the time. 
 The efforts students put on their books is low. We came up with the idea of helping students getting assess to their books and also test their level of comittment to their books. We set up a test will be given after each book has been read. Also the student adds a teacher to follow up with the study plan. The teacher gets a notification on the student time table and work with him. Brought up another idea of setting up a study group where students communicates with each other on a particular course. Teachers can be added to it. WHY DO WE NEED THE SOLUTIONwe are solving this problem by creating a web application which will help the student create timetables that will help them at their courses with the assistance of the teacher who will receive a notification based on the time table created by the student. OUR TOOLSWe used, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery and PHPOUR CHALLENGESproblem of submitting to the database.connecting landing page to the signup page.all hands weren't on deck.MORE FEATURES...Though this features weren't fully implemented at the web application..The creation of study groupStudy group when each registered user can join a study group.Test page where they could test their IQ and level of thinking and solving a problemBuilt Withcss3htmlmysqlphpTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    NaijaHacks 2018Winner                Best Hack from a majority-women team                  Created by  Basically worked on the landing pageFunbi OyedeWorked with both front end and back end. Wounldnt be possible without the help of my team membersLisa UlohI worked on the backend connection to the database and the study planner with the help of my team mateAderinsola Odusanya 
 Substance abuse and drug overdose fatalities are some of the major problems plaguing the country. 
 You ever just go to a hackathon, plan to do something VR related never having done anything VR related before, can't figure out why you're computer won't detect the obviously plugged in VR rig, stay up through the night troubleshooting the problem for probably 6 hours, realizing that you're HDMI port connects to your integrated graphics card and not you're GTX 960M you thought it would, and decided to calmly, but depressingly, pack up the rig and return it? Yeah? Me neither. 
 Ever had your ideal holiday crushed by the need to gesture and mime awkwardly in 90% of your conversations? Have you ever wanted to pick up short phrases in another language that you would probably use in everyday conversation? How about fiddling around with your phone aimlessly while waiting for someone or something? Inspired by the relevance of picking up a few phrases and the desire to spend time productively, we came up with this app so that you can learn something even in the few minutes it takes for your morning cuppa to be ready.  
 On frontend side, we used Google's Material Design and Angular.js because is a lot of fun!!On backend, we chose Java and Jersey because we are experienced on these. 
  
 With the advent of chat applications, the beginning of a new era was marked which will have people all connected through such applications.Such applications reduced the communication gap considerably between the masses. Hence, the seeding of our idea to build Medbot. People love the idea to communicate using chat applications and thus MedBot can help bridge the gap between common people and their knowledge about their own medical conditions. Fun part is that anyone can do this using a chat user interface. People will have an interactive chat with Medbot which will be targeted towards medical conditions of a person. 
  
 A large amount of customer communication takes place via email. That is why we created an Office 365 Outlook Add-in to give you the best integration to iGlobe CRM Office 365 no matter what device is used.  
 Amazon Alexa being a voice first interaction device/platform, and a session based (speak/listen/reply) kind of usage pattern, there are limited things you can do with it when it comes to kids. It boils down to a "ask question, expect answer" kind of a platform. As a developer/designer, we would innovate in how we ask the question or how we make the kids feel (using a storyline), as that is under our control . This was my thinking process while thinking of an idea for this hackathon. A very obvious choice came to mind, A QUIZ. No surprises there. But the number of trivial quiz skills in the Alexa skills store is overwhelming. A very simple guess for the low ratings of such skills is that it does not innovate in the "ask question, expect answer" pattern. It just blindly follows it.I thought about many other skills, and all required the use of echo show to make it 'actually' fun to use or play. What I ended up with is  :A skill that would not ask:Only Geeky questions (boring for one and fun for the other)Only Math questions (enhance calculation skills)Only Game Of Thrones questions (make it fun for the start and boring after some time)...etc. (I think you got the point there)Moreover, I wanted to add a human touch to it so that the kids not only interact with Alexa but many others like Alexa. For example, if I am playing with an opponent (not a real one), I would not like Alexa to just tell me that this is your opponent, you will be competing with it. I would want the opponent to talk to me in some way so that I don't get bored with random opponent names. 
 Trying to provide a safer way of travelling. 
 On a campus of size as huge as TAMU, it is overwhelming to keep track of all the events happening around you. There are many organizations and initiatives going on and most of the time, students are oblivious about events that may be of interest to them. To overcome this challenge, we came up with an app that acts as an effective communication channel to keep students informed of all the events taking place on and around the campus. 
 Whenever in a party in hostel room, one phone or a laptop speaker is not enough, but we have so many android devices lying around these days, so why not make something that uses them all to do something cool, we searched for any app that does that but they either have too many requirements, or don't work.  
  
 We are busy. Everyone is. But we still want to do our hobbies like team sports or dining together. We call our friends, but everyone seems to be out of town or busy that day. The next day when they can make it, our boss asks us to do overtime work. Solution? Here comes Hangr. Good Friends in Seconds.  
 In a world of many groceries and farmer markets, a nice stalk of corn is probably waiting for that slab of butter that is just right. This is our audience. 
 In the last 3 years, Gamaification became a hot buzzword among companies and organizations. Gamification is the process of adding motivational elements within a system to increase user engagement based upon sound game theory and game mechanics. 
 We would like to create a way to record and share terminal sessions in a seamless way to promote community learning, tutorials, bug reproductions, and other use cases that would require a visible terminal session. 
 we were exploring other easier way to communicate with IOT devices in a home automation system.  we decided to use a chat bot to accomplish that. 
 We have an 8 month old daughter who just started to crawl so I installed a baby gate at the top of our stairs to prevent falls.  The problem is, making sure it's always properly closed can be difficult, especially for new parents like us.  You can forget to close it because you are in a hurry or not bother closing it because "I'll just be gone for a second".  And sometimes you think you closed it but it didn't latch properly.  I designed the Baby SmartGate to solve these issues and increase the safety of our home! 
 We take tyres for granted, perhaps too much, but if we learn that tyres are at least part and parcel the cause of an accident in which we are involved, we suddenly become very interested.  Both from the designer’s point of view and the one servicing them, it is an excellent idea to be aware. The mission is to reduce the problems faced by the drivers because of air loss in tyres. IoTyre is an Air Pressure Monitoring system which has a sensor that is installed in the vehicle near its tyre and monitors the tyre pressure. If a pressure loss occurs in one or more tyres, the system automatically shows this as a warning in the Iotyre Dashboard. Since an incorrect tyre pressure increases the braking distance, can impair cornering and can cause tyres to heat up, this automatic monitoring is intended to increase driving safety and prevent accidents. The driver also no longer needs to perform manual air pressure checks and is informed immediately about any tyre pressure problems.   
 We were thinking about a social app that can be built in 24 hours while We are having fun and learning new stuff. 
 When someone mentions you in any of your cloud apps, it is usually something that needs your attention quickly. None of the built in slack integrations explicitly supports putting mentions in a "priority inbox" slack channel that can get your attention quickly, such as your slackbot. This app solves that.How we built itUsing meteor and meteor packages we've created that are the basis for easily creating cloud integration apps, including support for filters, transforms, smart API endpoint pulling with last modified / since support, etc.List of packagescoffeescripthttpforce-sslhubaaa:accounts-slack # forked during hackathonaccounts-githubjsep:accounts-trellohubaaa:link-accounts # forked during hackathonsemantic:ui-csssemantic:ui-iconovcharik:alertifyjspracticalmeteor:loglevelpracticalmeteor:chaimanuel:viewmodelhubaaa:easy-meteor-settingshubaaa:easy-service-confighubaaa:json-pipeshubaaa:endpoint-pullerChallenges we ran intoNeeding to create an accounts-trello package (none existed in atmosphere that worked for us).Accomplishments that we're proud ofGetting this done in a less than weekend.What we've learnedThat meteor is perfect for quickly building oauth based cloud integration and automation apps.What's next for R U Talking 2 Me?We hope that this "hubapp" and additional future hubapps will become, with the help of the meteor community, the basis for a meteor based open source integration platform that will drastically cut down the development time of advanced cloud extension, integration and automation apps, as meteor did for web development. We'd like the platform to eliminate most of the boilerplate code required by integration and automation apps, such as code that deals with one-way-sync, two-way-sync, webhooks and pulling, identity mapping, fields changed, data filtering and mapping UIs, and much more.Built Withgithubmeteor.jsrutalking2meslacktrelloTry it outrutalking2me.meteor.comgithub.com      Submitted to    Meteor Global Distributed Hackathon     Created by  Juan Manuel VergesRonen BabayoffJuan Sepulveda 
  
  
 When I interview some Business companies that  uses SMS as their main ways of communicating their business endavour to their clients,customers etc. The response I got was that SMS could have been the best optionagainst Email Messages, if there is a way to Store, Warehouse  SMS Text Messages and Multi-Media Filesalready sent to their Customers devices,desktop applications for future retrival,Editing,Resending and for other purposes. Proffessor Mike Filler in my school who owns a Shopping Mall also Point out that SMS text Messages seems to be a use and throw away data and thus does not store data unlike Email while some Business specialist in my vicinity  who owns Butticks, Large Supermarkets, Agriculturist etc complainsthat their customer services recieve thousands of SMS text Messages in a day and that scrolling of the phones in search of SMS,sorting of the sms text Messages and Media Files in order to be able to respond back to their customers is time consuming andsometime absolutely impossible in a high traffic SMS reception environments.Dr & Mrs. Richard Moore who owns a construction Company where I did my Industrial Training as a IT. Scientist points out that itstrue that SMS is faster than Email in terms of real time messaging but they still need to have all their SMS Messages storedsomewhere in the could as a data where they can get it anytime anyday. He also points out that the SMS Messages should be senton 1-to-1 basis(ie Peer to Peer sms text messagings) with caging process that prevent for instance  prevents User C fromhaving access to conversation that exist between UserA and User B.My Dad points out that if an SMS app could be built to meet up all the functions above,it will make the app most suitable in Ticket System because since sms is a realtime messaging protocols and the app also provides one to one SMS Chatcommunications, it will make tracking of Messages,complains, issues etc on Tickets System very easy on each Users(Customers)Uniquely.What I  Learnt from Inspiration and Interview aboveI have seen reason why many companies are using Emails as means of communication with their customers and Clients as oppossedto using SMS which provides faster realtime messages. I also learnt that:A.) Every Company, School, Organisation needs their SMS Data/information to be stored somewhere in the cloud whereit can easily  be retrieved,edit, further process or even resend. 2.) I learnt there is a need for communication contuniuty especially in Tickets System where a Customer ask or sent a complain and the issue has to be tackled my sending a follow up messages in real time.3.) I also learnt that a company can have more than 1 million customers and there is a need to have to 1-to-1 message exchange which only SMS peer to peer technology can provide.4.) Many More ......What is on my mindSMS Chat Messenger is a messaging service built on sms technology Powered by Whispir.IoThe More I looked at Whispir.Io technology, the more I think of Whispir SMS not only as way of sending just text messagesand Media files to users devices but also as a database for data storage(Eg. For Schools, Companies, Transportaions, E-commerce etc.).Thinking of it as an SMS Chat messenger. I apply the ease of mobile messengers to Whispir SMS's protocol,thereby creating a universal communication platform available to anyone with an mobile number. (as opposed to Whatsapp/FB Messenger closed networks)What I builtAn app that allows Sending,Re-sending,Tracking and Sharing of sms text messages, Multi-Media files eg Photos via Peer to peer(1-to-1) sms ProtocolsEg. between one user and another, between a company and its clients etc.How to use the app1.) Create one time registration using your mobile contact and then login.2.) Sending and Sharing of SMS Text Messages and Media Files can be accomplished in 3 ways stated below:A.) Search the user you want to sms to from the search box using her mobile number or names. once the user is populated,click on the user and navigate to the users profile to start sending sms via 1-to-1 sms chat protocol.B.) You can also send SMS by clicking on Add People Button, select the User you are looking for and start sending smsC.) You can also send SMS from your friend list.To do this you can either search the user from the search box via mobile no, names etc or click on Add People to send friend request to that user, when the user acceppts your request, He or she automatically appears in Friend list and from there you can start sending SMS and Multi-Media Files.click on Load More Button if you need to load more friends..3.)SMS Alert Components keeps track of SMS Notifications that were sent to your devices. You can reply sms messages sentto you using this option.4.) SMS History: Keeps timely Tracks of all the SMS text Messages and Files you sent to your friends, customers etc. It provides with option to edit, resend and delete already sent SMS text Messages and Files.What happen when you sent a File(Eg. Photo) to Recipients via the app.The files get sent via the SMS Chat System immediately so that the recipient can see it if he or she is online. But because its an uploaded file not just a text message, whispir does not currentlyhave a way of sending the files directly to recipient devices. So what the app do is to send the files full link to the Recipient devices via WhispirSMS. The recipient can then download the file by typing the link on a browser or by clicking on adownload button withinthe app (SMS Chat Messaging System).Integration:The App can easily be integrated into social network, businesses, Transportations, Agriculture,Schools, E-commerce, Tickets System etc.ChallengesBuilding a Peer to Peer(1 to 1) SMS Chat Technology is very hard to accomplish. combining Files Sharing with text messagesis hard as well. Online and offline presence of each user is also hard to accomplishAbout Whispir TechnologyI have tested both Whispir Voice, Email and SMS API and found out they are easy to integrate and awesome.Their Engineers are professionals who knows their job.Built Withwhispir-smsTry it outfredcare.com      Submitted to    Whispir: Make Your App Talk    Created by  deleted deleted 
 Flying in economy class can be cramped and uncomfortable, especially when flying long hours. We want customers to be able to feel the leg room that first and business class offers before they fly, so that they can make the right decisions and have more comfortable flights. 
  
 Cryptocurrency brings the promise of "being your own bank". However, the average user is in no way prepared to handle the responsibility that comes with that. Millions of coins have been lost or hacked due to poor private key management. The best solution we have for the average user is to "write your seed phrase on a piece of paper and store it in a bank deposit box." What happened to being your own bank?? 
 The style of the landscape is something I see a lot on Dribbble, and I wanted to try it myself.Since then I redesigned it completely, here's the new header:I also had fun creating my own, simple font for the logo. The U definitely looks like a V but whatever.edit: Here's the latest version:OMG IllustratorSo, yeah, I'm pretty sad I refused to try Illustrator for so long. I thought Photoshop was doing just fine, especially for what I usually do: super simple vectorial work. Nope. Illustrator is just 100x better.What's next?I'm probably going to continue adding details and refining the landscape. I don't think I'll actually make it a real site but who knows.Built Withadobe-illustrator    Created by  Robin Boutroshello 
 On the highway from Maharashtra to Gujarat, I met a lot of Artisans selling their clay pots and various other crafts on the Roadside of the National highway.The quality of their goods were very high and they were beautifully made but astonishingly they were selling at negligible rates! The reason is - they have the skill but not the means to showcase it well enough.India has a very diverse and unique handicrafts culture that is slowly fading away due to 2 reasonsLack of discoverability for artisans (to sell their products)Lack of consumer awareness (People just don't know about the beauty these artisans create!)We aim to solve this issue through our 2 sided marketplace and artisan awareness app - Artisell.Note: You may argue that there are a ton of eCommerce players trying to tap into the Rural Artisan community and sell their products online. But all of the apps (Flipkart, Myntra, Snapdeal, Limeroad) have horrible experience and expect that you are an expert in English, and the flow of mobile apps and various methodologies. Just go to Google Play and see the screenshots for any of the seller apps. They are the most difficult to use apps out there - as they ask 100s of things before you can really upload a product. Our apps primary aim is to make every single artisan be able to use the product from the get-go and requires little to no training in use of content systems. Also, the unique image and tag based search algorithms make it easy for buyers to search for products without having to know any unique SKUs. 
 If you use social media, you should know about the 10-year challenge, where people compare profile pictures from 10 years ago and now. All these data, YOUR DATA, could be mined to train facial recognition algorithms on age progression and age recognition. Think of the mass data extraction of over 70 million US Facebook users during the Cambridge Analytica scandal. This is a major concern of data privacy. 
 Well I was inspired to make this because of the contest and because of my need to Gamify everything.How it worksThe Game works by having you take a picture of yourself but it prompts you to make a face that corresponds with a random prompt. You then send that photo to your friends and they must guess what face you made and then send a selfie back.Challenges I ran intoGetting images to store on parse and then downloading them.Deleting images off of parse after they have been viewed.User Registration and finding friends.Accomplishments that I'm proud ofI'm pretty happy with all of it.What I learnedGamify Everything!What's next for WhatSnap?Android store? restyling, and using fragments instead of activities for everything.Ideally i want to write a server side version using twilio which allows people to text a number, get a prompt, send a picture through mms and do it that way as well.Built Withandroidandroid-studioparse      Submitted to    Reinvent the Selfie | Summer JamWinner                Digital Ocean Credits - $100                  Created by  Gene ChorbaI'm a Hackathon Pro and Head of Developer Relations at Riot Games 
  
 To help the visually impaired cross the street and making the city smarter. #smartcity 
 The team reflected on past trips' success and failures, and this reflection inspired the creation of themes. 
 Pat-a-cat was inspired when Aidon Lebar said "all i want to do is pet cats" and from there started a story of heroism as David Lougheed made it happen. In the corners of McHacks you could witness the cats being drawn, meows being recorded, and code being coded.  
 150 million people worldwide use Airbnb when searching for travel accommodations. How many of those people automatically check Airbnb as their default without ever comparing hotels nearby? While many people assume Airbnb has the lowest accommodation prices, in many places hotels are actually cheaper and/or provide a better experience than renting an Airbnb. We're deal hunters at our core and we wanted to make travel planning easy by enabling multiple sources of travel data in one place to get the best deals and experiences with the least amount of effort while planning the perfect dream vacation or that recurring work related trip. Enter Air Compare - the one stop shop travel planning Chrome extension that allows users to:• Compare hotels near the Airbnb listing they're considering • Get average car rental prices based on when you’re renting a car• Get estimated ride sharing (Lyft) prices to their destinationsWe wanted to provide users with the best accommodation deals but more importantly, we also wanted to solve the "last mile problem" (getting people from a transportation hub to their final destination) as it relates to travel. Often transportation costs end up adding up significantly and it’s difficult when planning a trip to estimate those costs ahead of time. We wanted to bring transparency to this area so there’s no hidden surprises when it comes time to travel, only #unforgettableexperiences. 
  
 We decided to explore the problem areas within Diagnostic Imaging. Currently, the daily error rate in the interpretation of CT scans is 3-5%. In addition, there are many communication gaps between radiology technicians and doctors. It can take days, even weeks for surgeons to contact radiologists. We want to expedite this process and improve the accuracy of patient diagnosis. 
 When conversing in group chats with other students, I noticed that many people often posted homework problems that they needed help with. However, often times their questions went unanswered, or the answers they got were unhelpful. That lead me to the idea of a more "conversational" academic assistance service - a platform on which students can easily ask bite-sized questions and instantaneously receive answers.I was inspired by HackHands (acquired by Pluralsight in 2015) and CodeMentor (which has raised $3.4M to date), both services that introduced this model to the programming community. I thought that the same model could be applied to other subjects, and so I created Aristotl.Note that while the web app is primarily targeted towards students for now, it could very easily be converted to instead be a platform for technical support, or for job training questions, etc. The sky's the limit!  
 In most cases, during disasters or emergencies be it a fire, a robbery, a mother in labor, blood deficiency, floods, etc, it's a matter of life or death and the people affected count on others for their own survival and getting assistance to them is always a race against time. We believe that even with the preparedness of other organizations such as the UN Central Emergency Response Fund (CERF) and the Kenya Red Cross Society (KRCS) when a crisis hits, response time is dependent on how fast and to whom the news reach and that's why we created the Community Emergency Response Team (CERT). 
 Earlier I had a graph database, where I stored URL properties on nodes. I would like to get textual information from those URLs, I would like to do some web scraping, but without leaving the Cypher word. So, I have found out that web scraping procedures in Neo4j can be used to work on existing properties, and they can be used to produce output in a format where you can run further cypher commands on it. Let's see an example: You have product nodes with product names. You can use the product names to generate Ebay search URLs, and you can grab the process from that html page, and you can create new nodes in your Neo4j database, connecting the product nodes to some Ebay listing pages, and you can write the price property into your graph. But there are unlimited possibilities. These procedures can be used for preprocessing you your NLP pipelines as well.  
 As musicians, we can empathize with the struggles of new teachers and students as they hastily switch between jotting down melodies and sounding them out on a piano. As software developers, we also recognize the powers of technology to automate tedious and repetitive tasks. To bridge those two lives together, we came up with Capriccio. OMR - What Is It?Many of you may be familiar with optical character recognition (OCR), and the many companies that compete to do it the very best. Optical music recognition (OMR) is very similar, but far less studied and with equally fascinating applications. The world of OMR is dominated by professors and post-graduate students, but by combining Kotlin, OpenCV, and a dash of ingenuity we were able to make it happen in just one weekend. How Capriccio Works(1) Sheet MusicCapriccio starts at the mobile level, where a user can either take a photo of their handwritten music directly from the app, or import it from their gallery. (2) OpenCVTaking the image, we use OpenCV to perform feature detection and clustering. We then progressively generate a MIDI file by determining the location of key musical objects and assigning them pitches. (3) MIDIFinally, we pipe our fully created MIDI file back to Android, where you can play it right in the app. The total process takes between 5-10 seconds. Challenges we ran intoOn the mobile end, we wanted to make the application target Android 10. This meant carefully navigating various privacy demands that were both scarcely documented, and completely new to our team's developers. Meanwhile on the back end, it was tough performing feature detection and filtering out noise with OpenCV. Accomplishments that we're proud ofDespite the barriers we faced, our team is proud to have created an end-to-end application with so little time. We are also proud to have had such attention to detail, even going as far as to implement complicated animations just to open a dialog in Android. What's next for CapriccioTry out Magenta!Magenta is an open source Python library that explores the role of machine learning in the process of creating art and music. It would be amazing to integrate Magenta into Capriccio, either to extend music by matching our inputs against a database, or to generate chord progressions to enhance a simple melody. Built WithandroidopencvpythonTry it outgithub.comgithub.com      Submitted to    Hack the North 2019    Created by  I developed the front end Android application in Kotlin using various libraries including Volley and GSON. David LuI love KotlinI worked on the Computer Vision aspect of the app. We used Grip (an OpenCV engine) to build and tune vision processing pipelines. Through this we were able to detect key features of music notes and denote where on the musical staff they lie.Ani SrikanthI create things, and I'm getting better at it.I worked on setting up communications between the android app client and the backend server using FlaskErick LeonI am a dev who likes to devI worked on computer vision (with OpenCV) and processing through Python to map the location of notes into tones and beats to be understood and played.Jason LiuUniversity of Waterloo CS/BBA 2023 
  
 To Build an Custom Activity which would satisfy low budget client without UiPath Orchestrator and also to help developer in backtracking the process issue. 
 The bulk of the inspiration came from Geocaching, Pokémon Go and CryptoKitties.Ethereum gaming, especially off-chain capable gaming is very interesting to us. 
 The inspiration for this project came from our company where employees are using way too many applications and accounts for different purpose. We’ve managed to develop one single application where Human Resources, Managers and Developers will use it for different tasks. 
 Central A/C isn't a privilege everyone has. In the US, products like the Nest Thermostat are smart and efficient, but also expensive and only work with central A/C. Take Thailand as an example: It's a small, developing country that's HOT year-round. Most people don't have central A/C or smart thermostats, and because of that an average home spends about 65%(!!) of its total electricity bill on window A/Cs alone...Hive fills the gap by using AI to make your dumb A/C smart! 
 First off, as students, with little to no time, we constantly seek resources to aid us in furthering our education. One effective method of improving our coding skill set is writing our code on paper or whiteboard. Unfortunately, this method requires more time due to the slow nature of later reviewing and rewriting the code into the compiler in order to test it. This inspired us to create CodingBoard, an image-to-code scanner and compiler/interpreter that simply takes a picture of your code and compiles it, allowing coders to test their written draft code quickly without actually typing it out. 
  
 Indigenous languages are rapidly disappearing; every two weeks, languages are being lost by rapid modernization and globalization. Ultimately, many languages will die with the last-standing speaker no matter what we do, so our hope is to use technology to save these indigenous languages from total extinction. We plan to preserve these languages by capturing utterances and mapping words to real world objects, implementing micro-rewards to motivate indigenous people to record their voices and stories. By creating this dataset we lay the foundation for current and future technologists and activists to use this information and save their history from being forgotten.  
  
 According to the Corruption Perceptions Index (CPI) 2013, Pakistan ranked at a staggeringly low 127 among 175 countries which, both ironically and sadly, is still the best ranking we have been able to achieve so far. Since our last government, the statistics have improved a little, but there is still a need for more drastic measures to be taken on a government scale.The goal of this project is to provide a technological means for solving the aforementioned issues in our country, and to hopefully collaborate with the KPK provincial government to aid us in implementing this project in future. The aim is to improve transparency, accountability and inclusiveness of government institutions and processes, and moreover, to allow for easy communication between the government institutions and the poor and marginalized people. 
 It took about 3 hours for me to manually create a music video playlist of my 200 favorite songs. That sucked... So I thought to myself, I can't be the only one with this problem. So my friend Shervin and I coded Playlist Buddy at a hackathon. I spent hundreds of hours working on it and had my friend Evan Strenk design a logo and do UI design and provide UX feedback. After months of work, Playlist Buddy was born. I plan on adding new features during the next few years and would like to add other platforms such as 8tracks, Grooveshark, etc.How it worksGo to www.playlistbuddy.com, click the login with Spotify button, enter your credentials, select the playlist you want to convert, and click convert to YouTube. If you aren't already logged into YouTube, you will have to enter your login credentials. Playlist Buddy will convert your playlist to YouTube, up to 200 songs, in under a minute. Our search ensures that only music videos are added, no audio tracks or lyrics videos. We plan on adding support for selecting what type of videos you would like in the future, such as concert, studio, or lyrics versions.Challenges I ran intoLearning Angular, Git, Grunt, getting good at Bootstrap and CSS, learning Node.js and Express, learning about sessions, promises, Spotify API, YouTube API, and learning about design and UX, contacting those API to overcome difficulties, fixing countless user errors and try to make the app API codes secure. Making sure the user won't break the app by changing playlists mid conversion, etc. A lot of work!Accomplishments that I'm proud ofCreating a web app that hundreds of people have already used and enjoyed. Making it to the point in my life / career that I can do cool things like this.What I learnedCreating an app that real people use is hard work. It takes hundreds of hours to ensure everything is working properly and to maintain the code and monitor that it is running properly. I learned not to take startups lightly, although this was small scale in comparison to most startups, I feel like I got a taste for what small tech companies go though.What's next for Playlist Buddy - Convert Spotify playlists to YouTubeAdd 8tracks supportAdd Grooveshark supportMake different conversion options such as concerts, studio performances, and lyric videos.Built Withamazon-cloudfront-cdnangular.jsbootstrapexpress.jsgrunt.jsherokujavascriptjquerynode.jsTry it outwww.playlistbuddy.com    Created by  Playlist Buddy 
 The inspiration behind ReadToMe came from my kids. Specifically, my younger two who are 3 and 5. Both kids love books, but they aren’t reading by themselves yet. I wanted to create something that they could use to still enjoy reading, even when a parent isn’t available to read to them. 
 Being frequent travellers ourselves exploring the world full of possibilities, we have booked several flights in the past whenever there are promotional fares offered by different airlines. But more often than not, due to the busy and unpredictable nature of our jobs, our schedules change and there were some instances where we have to let go of those precious time for families and ourselves. This even causes greater pain realizing that the money used to book those flights in advance will go to waste.We value youOver at Swop, we value the money you earned from grueling hours of hard work. We understand that sometimes it is inevitable to let go of those missed flights but we are not in agreement that you should also let go of the money you used to booked them. We are providing an alternative to salvage that money so you can still use it for your future vacation plans because every one deserves a good vacation once in a while and enjoy life.How we built itWith our mantra of exploring the world full of possibilities, Swop uses the latest blockchain technology. Blockchain puts the power in people's hands while still maintaining security of your data. This enables any person with a valid flight booking to post their flights on the application and make it available for swopping without revealing your identity. This also remove the need to transact directly to the airlines as the application will do it for you.Challenges we ran intoWhile we are very hopeful of the aim of our application to help people, there is one challenge that we need to hurdle which is the cooperation of the airlines. We need the airline to open up this possibility of changing the existing booking and opening up an api for this application. At first it may look as an additional effort to the airline but we believe that this can help the airline's image to the general consumers in the long run. Airlines that participate in this initiative can provide their loyal patrons more satisfaction knowing that as a buyer of the ticket, even though schedules change, they will not totally lose their hard-earned money by providing an option to swop their tickets. The airline also can maximize their resources by flying with almost no vacant seat which is more environment-friendly.What's nextWe hope this solution will gain traction and change the way the travellers book their flights. We hope airline companies will be aligned with this proposal. We also hope that other major players in the industry, such as Amadeus, who have been providing the best industry solutions to power the travel industry to partner with us. After all, we believe that in order for the travel industry to prosper, we need to give the best experience to the travellers and value them.Built Withbulmacryptoethereumethers.jsexpress.jsfirebasemocha.jsnode.jsreactsmart-contractsoliditytruffleweb3.jsTry it outgithub.comgithub.comgithub.com      Submitted to    Hack the Journey Online EditionTorus 4 Everyone    Created by  Karl CamotaAbiel Villarosa 
 Journaling has proven psychological, stress-reducing, goal-orienting benefits when done regularly. But for many people, writing is harder than talking. 
 Emotions that we keep boxed-up and don’t express – whether we choose to or find it difficult to do so – loom to threaten emotional health down the road.Some of us just aren’t good at expressing our emotions, or even special needs that makes it especially difficult for us, so others have difficulty relating with us (autism). Some of us are far from home or from friends for long periods, so we want someone to check up on how we’re feeling (astronauts). And all of us go through rough patches at some point in our lives, so it’d be nice to have a friend who checks up on how we feel (psych patients).And all of these factors can eventually lead to people having a violent outburst or breakdown, and make us sick. We are convinced that emotional health is just important as, and in some ways even more than, physical health. The true remedy is network of people – friend and family who will check up on how we’re feeling, but we that is a privilege that not all of us have and certainly not all the time. What if, technology could be this friend that understands how we feel? 
  
 Barbers build up loyal followings over time. They are also frequently very busy. So much so, that they don't have time to answer phone calls and take reservations from their patrons. Enter HairGuru. By setting up a friendly chatbot for the barbershop, HairGuru streamlines the process of getting that haircut appointment for the customers, as well as allows barbers to serve their clients better as they no longer have to be interrupted by the ringing of their phones. 
 Identity and KYC/AML are the biggest problems in Blockchain right now. The Estonian government issues an eResidency card to all humans. This card has a private key build in for signing stuff in a legally binding manner.Can we sign Ethereum transactions with it? After today, YES!The best part: It is completely trustless! There is no server. Just a static page. All verification happens on-chain. It can become a simple library that can be integrated in DApps and Wallets. The root of trust is the Estonian government.When you loose your card, you can get a new one at the Esonian embassy. The wallet contract automatically accepts your new card, since the wallet is tied to your citizen id, and the certificate is signed by the Estonian government. The root of trust is the CA root key of the Estonian government. 
  
 Currently, in our country, we are becoming increasingly polarized. According to Pew Research: "50% of liberals listen only to typically 'left' media sources, while 47% of conservatives only consume political media from Fox." This lack of diversity in our media diets is the primary culprit for the polarization, which is rampant throughout the country. To solve this issue, we created BiParse: a simple to use political bias chrome extension. 
  
 After our engineering's course on Sustainability and Development. We developed a deeper understanding of the different challenges humanity face.Our main concern should be around global warming and its immediate causes. After some preemptive researches, we discovered local weather stations don't provide us with real-time data on street-level in terms of air monitoring. That's how we came up with the idea of PolluWatch. 
  
  
 Unit testing is a core software development practice and for a good reasons: Helps to find problems early in the development cycleSaves time in the long run:When refactoring codeWhen changing code due to change requestsHelps developer write better codeMy main inspiration was to help myself and other developers save time and effort that manual testing regularily takes, and which can be solved by automation (after all, we are automating processes, so why not a part of the development also?).A big reason too, was to bring UiPath development practices closer to the software development standards. 
 Programmers should follow one simple principle: DRY (Don’t Repeat Yourself). Then why our Finance team should add invoices twice? #uipath #automation #saga #xero 
  
 We were inspired by a friend who used to complain about the manual process of tracking his workout statistics, so when given the opportunity to hack with the Myo Band, we instantly saw the potential of a fitness tracking app. 
 The goal of Mike Robot is to upgrade all objects to be smart objects through personal robotics. 
 There are numerous programming platforms which hosts online programming challenges everyday but very few people know about it. So the idea is to get people to  participate in online programming challenges that are taking place on various platforms.How it worksThe main popup is divided into three tabsactiveupcomingarchivedAs the names suggest active tab shows challenges that are currently running, upcoming tab shows you challenges that will take place some time in future and archived tab shows challenges that ended recently.Challenges I ran intoCreating a user interface that would be simple and intuitive for the users.Accomplishments that I'm proud ofExecuting an idea into reality within a short timeWhat I learnedUsing background processes in chrome extension, hacking on javascript.What's next for Challenge HuntNotifications for challenges and the option to share a challenge on social media.Built Withajaxbeautiful-soupcss3google-app-enginehtml5javascriptjquerypythonrequestsTry it outchrome.google.com      Submitted to    Chrome Extension ChallengeWinner                Popular Choice                  Created by  Archit VermaDCE, Class of 2016Chirrag Nangia 
  
 We were inspired by many of the games that Ketchapp publishes. Many of these are extremely simple, with easy to learn mechanics but hard to master. We wanted something addicting like that. 
  
  
  
 Plants have an amazing impact on worker happiness a healthy workplace. Apart from improving air quality, they've been proven to increase productivity by up to 15% and help reduce stress and anxiety by up to 35%.But plants die. It's also pretty expensive to hire someone to take care of what your employees perceive as a glorified piece of furniture. So we made GROOT. 
 In case you haven't noticed, Devpost wants to help developers do fulfilling work. A big part of that is helping you find jobs you really want to apply to. Perhaps you've seen our new team pages, which help you learn what it's like to work on real dev teams.Our next step will be to help you apply for those jobs and secure interviews. Job applications are kind of the worst - ask anyone. Devs hate writing cover letters & doing repetitive work -- and hiring managers hate receiving mechanically driven applications.So, we need a way to express why a candidate wants this particular job without writing tedious cover letters along with supporting material like a resume.This is my first take on it.Application formThe main point of the form is to get answers to four key questions about why you want this job & why you're a good fit. It's not a cover letter, but it delivers all the same info a cover letter would. This information should be tailored to the job, but also shouldn't take more than a few minutes to write. The form also pulls your Devpost portfolio so you can include your most relevant projects.Resumes + a recording an intro video (2 min max, but not implemented right now) are recommended, but optional right now.EmailOnce you click apply, the script pushes all your data to Firebase, sends an email to the hiring manager with your application details.Online management / trackingI also mocked up an online ATS interface where hiring managers can view & manage your application. It's just a mustache template populated from Firebase.Challenges I ran intoI've done a lot of hacky front-end projects like this before, so everything came together pretty quickly. I had already solved most of the tricky bits in other projects, enabling me to reuse a lot of code. I'm proud that I was able to get it all working in a few hours. Makes me want to work on it more.What I learnedWow, it is so much easier to prototype a project when you're not worried about how it looks. Focus on the function!What's next for Job BotCSS/styles. Implementing file uploads + a Ziggeo video recorder + app management. I'm really bullish on video applications. I'd also like to build an email processor (sendgrid & mailgun have great APIs for this) that lets hiring managers pass/save applications via email. (e.g. "reply save to save for later")Let me know what you think and I'll use it to improve these prototypes + pass it on to Product!Built Withfirebasehtmljavascriptjquerylocalforagemailchimpmustacheziggeo    Created by  what comes before alpha release?Neal ShyamI write Devpost's weekly newsletter. I also write code. 
 Yitaek went to Nepal after the devastating earthquake last April and saw that people couldn’t get access to hospitals because all of the roads were destroyed. Despite the terrible conditions, villagers even in the remotest regions were still able to use their phones to communicate. From this experience, he saw the potential of telemedicine via text messaging as a reliable mode of communication. Even in the US, most people prefer to get notifications over text messages compared to other mediums. Because we are constantly overflooded by huge amounts of information, we tend to miss little details. In the realm of healthcare, this applies to prescription adherence, which we often overlook as a non-issue. However, prescription nonadherence costs the medical industry $100 billions a year, despite being an easy issue to fix. So we decided to build Remi, the chatbot that reminds you to take your medication through a medium that you will actually use and is more reliable than the internet.  
 We tackled Problem Statement #5: Ghost Gear. We identified with this problem as it is very applicable to Hong Kong waters. Hong Kong experiences an annual loss of $7.4 million through ghost fishing (2009 figures); the Hong Kong government has spent hundreds of millions of dollars of taxpayers’ money yearly, since 1998, to hire external agents to clean up marine waste on its shores. Throughout the development phase, we tried to answer two questions:How do we identify ghost gear effectively?How do we trace ghost gear back to its origin?The solution we drew up, Phishing for Good (P4G), is an integrated software and hardware product that allows NGOs, volunteers, tourists and fishers to quickly and simply trace back a piece of ghost gear to its origin. Our smart IoT solution (smart gear tags) coupled with advanced technology (specifically image processing and machine learning) allows us to relatively accurately predict data, which we can then translate on a high-level onto a real-time heat map.Volunteers have an incentive to use our app, as the information input procedure is simplified and made intuitive. Local governments have the chance to engage in environmental conservation of their waters through utilizing our app. Large- and medium-sized fisheries are given the opportunity to engage in corporate social responsibility (CSR) and to claim increased profit, due to the decrease in the scale of ghost fishing - an unfortunate byproduct, among others, of ghost gear.Ultimately, our predictive technology allows stakeholders to identify what we call ghost gear “prone zones” across seas, improve awareness of potential ghost gear-related hazards and increase opportunities for timely gear retrieval.Phishing for Good (P4G) can address the suggestions made by the United Nations Food and Agriculture (UNFAO) by firstly seeking out partnerships with fishing gear manufacturers to deploy smart tags, then by liaising with local governments to encourage logging of ghost gear, both found and lost gear, through employing a “no-blame” policy. This is because we believe that aggregation of data deserves priority over penalizing of offenders.In this way, we believe that with the cooperation of relevant stakeholders, we have in our hands a valuable piece of technology that has the ability to maximize its potential in providing real impact to the fishing industry. 
 Our team members live with student debt and have families who use alternative financial products outside of mainstream banking. We believe that crowd lending will help communities who no longer trust mainstream banks acquire credit, loans, and build savings. 
 Currently quadriplegics do not have a mobile, discreet method of finely controlling the technology used in their daily lives. We envision a tongue interface capable of controlling technology to enable more independent living. The tongue is one of the most sensitive and versatile muscles in the body, it is also concealed within the mouth. Though previous attempts of using the tongue as an interface for technology exist, none of them have succeeded in achieving a comfortable and lasting experience for the users while enabling control of multiple technologies.Specifically for our project we wish to create a tongue interface for mouse control and juxtapose it with those of existing enabling technologies. By achieving a strong tongue interface we can extrapolate control in future iterations to motorized wheelchair control, exoskeletons to regain use of limbs, and remote control of robotic arms to aid in daily tasks. Moreover, the increased interconnectivity expected to take place with the smart homes of the future and the trend of Internet of Things will bring about new solutions in accessibility for people with disabilities, when paired with our interface.How it worksFor this challenge we developed a functional prototype of our idea. The way it works is quite simple: a computer mouse that can be easily controlled with the tongue. Using the trackpoint provided, the user can move the cursor around, and by pressing the 2 buttons he can do left click and right click. By enabling this functionality, our interface enables its user to perform any task that an able-bodied person can perform using a conventional computer mouse.Challenges we ran intoTaking old laptop parts and adapting them into a small, simple, and easy to use device.Creating the form of the device to be fit inside the mouth.Creating the interface to control the mouse with the device.Accomplishments that we are proud ofAfter many hours of hard work we were able to connect the device to the computer and use it as a mouse. We are able to create a form that, when connected to a mouth guard, it is able to stay fixed inside the mouth and be used to control the computer mouse. What I learnedThe importance of good documentation in third party APIs that are meant to be used by others.How iteration is key to the success of a product. The importance of good team members to guarantee a great outcome. What's next for PaletteMaking the device wireless. Improve the shape, form and texture of the device. Built Witharduinoc++Try it outgithub.com      Submitted to     NYU ABILITY Technology Hackathon    Created by  DeveloperOliver HoffmanHardware/Electronics HackingShawn BramsonConnect with me on LinkedIn!Daniel LevineI enjoy creating things that genuinely help people. 
  
  
  
  
  
 There are many great educational resources and solutions for software development, however, there currently is no well-known method to learning how to develop an application. We seek to provide an easy to use and straight forward medium that guides a user through a series of tutorials focusing on the application development process! 
 Ever walked around a hackathon expo trying find the project you were looking for?Maybe you were a team that built a sign to help people find your project ? Don't waste hackathon time on stuff like that! All the information you need is on the team's Devpost page. Let's put it to work... 
 Women - wardrobe, so much similar things, but they keeeeeeep buying. 
 Have you ever felt like you just can’t choose the music to fit your mood? Sometimes you play something too energetic right before going to sleep, so you end up staying up all night, binge watch series, finally take a pill, sleep in, miss the meeting with CEO, get fired. Or vice versa, you start your happy & sunny day with Adele, remember your ex, start missing her/him, dump your current significant other and then realise you have no place to stay at so you go back to your mom’s house. Yeah, these moments suck. 
 In Outlook 2010 there was a button to link a SharePoint meeting workspace site to a meeting request. This was no longer supported in the next versions. My users missed this functionality... 
  
 We're students, and that means one of our biggest inspirations (and some of our most frustrating problems) come from a daily ritual - lectures. Some professors are fantastic. But let's face it, many professors could use some constructive criticism when it comes to their presentation skills. Whether it's talking too fast, speaking too quietly or simply not paying attention to the real-time concerns of the class, we've all been there. Enter LectureBuddy. 
  
  
 We work with healthcare providers towards reaping benefit from smart devices right from strategy to its implementation. While working with several healthcare providers, we observed that they are mostly focused on EMR/EHR and patient health information management. On the other side of spectrum, there are lot of vendors who are providing generic  solutions for wellness.This is resulting in abundance of digital solutions however most of them are not fulfilling the need to having a healthy life. With myHealth we plan to take a holistic view of health and work with healthcare provider towards providing a unified view of people's health right from illness to wellness.Another market driver for this particular solution is towards penalty on patient readmission. With mobile becoming a virtual companion of life, we believe this solution as first step towards better quality of life by bringing ecosystem players including healthcare provider, family members, domain experts together under a single umbrella of myHealth. How it worksSome of fundamental thoughts that we are trying to address include:Peronsalization and Context awareness is key in today's work of content, data and applications. There is lot of opportunity published in terms of content, applications so in today's its important to provide access to what is relevant for user rather than serving generic content. Here's some key aspects considered in solution:User interface is based on age group of user. Fonts are big and specific instructions are there in user interface designed for elderly where as same application if someone starts in younger age group the user interface is verbose with medium size fonts.Application serves content based on user's health persona. It shows digital articles which are relevant to self or near and dear ones. So a 60 year old will get more content right from screening requirements which is relevant to his/hear health condition.Context Awareness - Pill reminders, procedures are aware about your location, time and activity you are performing so instead of reminding you of taking pill, user can configure it to remind when user is at home.Each individual has their own definition of healthy life: A 60 year old might want to different health goals compared to that of a 25 years old professional. Personalization makes it possible for all age groups to achieve their goals under one platform.Breaking Stereotype roles: Rather than attributing user with predefined roles like physician, patient, care provider, In this application we intent to consider user as persona playing multiple roles together. So a physician can also have his or her health profile and use this application as a step towards better health like any other user.Healthcare Providers are going to play a additional role of digital health adviser for staying healthy. Although with digital information becoming available  Patients are getting empowered however from a trust perspective, people do rely on their physician as a authority. Solutions like symptom checker are assisting in this journey but we feel that technology has a long way to go before we can start relying completely for diagnosis. Considering this fact, myHealth intends to be a solution jointly evolved with healthcare provider rather than off the shelf stand along solution.It enables user to stay connected with their care circle which includes physicians, PCP as well as family members.White-Board collaboration enables real-time consultation with physicians.Keeping it simple and actionable :A simple Dashboard enables the user to track his/her daily as well as overall health score enabling to keep track of personal health progress.Alerts and reminders make sure all pills are consumed and all instructions by the care provider are followed.If tells user a comprehensive score of health and gamify it, this will motivate him or her towards keeping a healthy score.Challenges I ran intoOne of primary challenge we ran into is to understand the various reasons of readmission.  With the help of our healthcare provider partners and available sources in public domain, here's the summary of causes for readmission.Patient truly does not understand the seriousness of their illnessDon’t understand their discharge instructionsDon’t want to admit they have  trouble taking care of themselves at homeAre not able to get their medicationDon’t understand the importance of taking their medication/s as directedDon’t understand which medications to take and whenNot able to set a follow-up appointment to see their PCPConfused with how they are feeling during recovery therefore they stop following their treatment planDon’t feel well when taking their medication/s so they stopFamily caregivers are not knowledgeable enough to provide proper careKeeping it simple and meaningful : Its an ongoing challenge of keeping solution simple and avoiding overcrowded information and features. We have worked on  several cutting edge technologies including deep learning, beacons, augmented reality, smart watches, LBS, GIS etc. from technology side. Coming from technology background, we were always excited about possibilities of bringing a positive health outcome using technology. Challenge that we faced is to really say no to technologies which are not yet ready and identify meaningful use case for ready to use technologies.Accomplishments that I'm proud ofWe were able to get up and running with a basic version on iTunes store () that enables logging health timeline related information and collaborating within care circle. Here's list of features present in app store:Care Circle Collaboration: Chat and share health details with your Care Circle.Whiteboard integration: Consult and share reports with your care provider.Receive Location, Rule & Date based Reminders.Health Kit Integration.After that we started working on simplifying and prototyping the application which can be viewed at  . We believe that any solution has a life and its a learning stage for myHealth where our intention is to gather views , collaborate with experts towards making a positive change in healthcare society via our myHealth solution. What I learnedPatient needs to be engaged rather than just informed.Its always an ongoing journey rather than a fixed destination.What's next for MyHealthPersona and Medical situation driven engagement solutionsBuilt Withandroidandroid-studioiosxcodexmppTry it outinvis.ioitunes.apple.comunifiedhealthexperience.com      Submitted to    InnovateNYP: Open Challenge    Created by  I worked on gathering information about the problem statement IE Hospital re admission and patient engagement.Anshul SethiyaTanmay BhattacharjeeSatin KatiyarRashmi Katiyar 
 For Sean and Neerajen's final project for their AP Physics C course, they had to build a digital seismograph. This project involved many Integrated Circuit chips, PCBs, and resistors. Lots of resistors.There were so many resistors in so many different values such that the progress on the seismoeter grinded to a halt. They had to consult a table every time to solder a resistor in. And they didn't finish the seismograph.But with an app that could tell them the value of the resistor, they would have been able to finish their project. So to prevent any future encounters with resistors, we as a team decided to make Resistora: the image recognition resistance finder.How it worksThe app's UI is quite simple. Open resistora, and align resistor with the two lines in the center of the app screen. Our manually overrided camera control algorithm will zoom in and take a picture for image processing and calculation, which will then be displayed at the bottom. Challenges I ran intoWorking with RGB and hue was very difficult. It is difficult for a computer to differentiate between colors such as Red, Orange, Brown, and Gold. As such, we tried multiple methods to identify the location of the colored bands on each resistor - such as Floodfill, normalizations, and transformations. Ultimately, we were able to find a way to identify the colors and its location using a graphing technique, and local maxima.Accomplishments that I'm proud ofWe used our knowledge from AP Physics to find an efficient solution to image processing. Firstly, each column was averaged. Then, the lightness and saturation were calculated from the image. One interesting thing we noted is that at each band on the resistor, the saturation value would spike. This would mean that all we would have to do is find the local maximas and then find the rgb values at those locations. However, this would occasionally produce false positives which were eliminated by using the lightness data. Whevener the lightness dropped, creating a local minima, this would indicate a band. This actually worked!What I learnedWhat's next for ResistoraBuilt WithandroidcamerajavamathematicaresistorsTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    Tech RetreatWinner                Second Place                  Created by  Determining the color of bands - code written entirely from scratch. Algorithm involves transformation to HSL from RGB, normalization of Saturation, then casework and parameter testing.Ben ZhangImage recognition and backendJeffrey XiaoConcept, Android UI and Camera API setup, helped with band recognitionNeerajen SritharanDesigned and implemented the band location algorithm, helped with Android UI, and  colour identificationSean Purcell 
 We wanted to have pretty code in our word documents. 
  
 Dodgy Wi-Fi and boredom. 
 Needed a quick pick me up and love internet memes.How it worksUser creates a custom page that include a single emoji, animated gif background, song, and quote for a friend.Challenges I ran intoDeciding on an idea and lack of sleep.Accomplishments that I'm proud ofWe finished our app and it works and it's fun to use.What I learnedReally dug into node.js and angular.js.What's next for Cheer me upPossibly saving past custom pages and a clean up of our URLs.Built Withangular.jscssemojigiphygulp.jshtml5javascriptnode.jsresponsiveTry it outcheermeup.website      Submitted to    TechCrunch Disrupt NYC 2015Winner                Disrupt Tickets                  Created by  I worked on the front end and design of cheermeup.Chris NagerI worked on the app!Nick VolpeRelentless problem solver. Currently a UX Designer at Salesforce.Clint Halpin 
  
 We are democratizing healthcare with cost-free self-diagnosis.Melanoma is the deadliest form of skin cancer. Though this disease is highly treatable with an early diagnosis, the cost of getting an appointment with a dermatologist acts as an obstacle, deterring many people from getting early treatment. We wanted to build a solution that would allow people with suspicious moles on their body to know instantly whether that doctor's visit may be worth it or not, and get the medical attention they need earlier. 
  
 Communities are a driving life force that can't be neglected. We want to allow cities and their citizens to get involved and protect their community. Earth Day Texas is a wonderful example of what can happen when more people collaborate together and we believe our app has potential to get citizens involved in events as well as taking care of the health of their city. 
 Make it easier for the user to manage Planner tasks by giving access to tasks directly from Outlook.iPlanner Pro is making the Office 365 Planner a useful tool. Office 365 Planner offers people a simple and highly visual way to organize teamwork. Planner makes it easy for your team to create new plans, organize and assign tasks, share files, chat about what you’re working on, and get updates on progress.Office 365 Planner is with no doubt a great tool, but we wanted to make it even better. We wanted to make it more accessible and easy to work with for the user and provide a much better overview for the project manager. However, whether you are a user or a project manager you must go online to the Planner for managing your own and other tasks. Besides that, we all know that many of the tasks we get are often initiated from an e-mail.iPlanner Pro extend the Office experience by providing contextual functionality that users can access their tasks within Outlook.  
 I always wanted to go to Australia and explore its unique wildlife. I decided that now it's a good opportunity for me and for others to “go on that trip” through an APL Alexa skill. 
  
  
 Driven by technology innovation and ecosystem growth mobility value chains are significantly changing from monolithic, closed to distributed, open systems.Data flows are dynamically defined and stretch across multiple entities. The trustworthiness and accuracy of output data of a distributed mobility value chain is of increasing importance for the safety within a mobility system. This transformation requires new concepts of digital identity and trust for data transactions among non-human entities.Introduction - What our solution doesOur MOBI grand challenge application presents a novel approach to establish verifiable data chains for driving event data processing. This enables the verification of a given data flow and the trustworthiness of output data. As the output data are used by several mobility control, risk and business systems it is important that any entity can evaluate the trustworthiness of a given output data set.The decentralized identifier (DID) is a new open standard type of globally unique identifier that offers a model for lifetime scope, portable digital identity that does not depend on any centralized authority and that can never be taken away by third parties. We are using DIDs as a standard identifier in our solution which is supported by the W3C community.Our approach uses cryptographic data structures to link data objects and to establish a method for data flow provenance [1]. By data flow provenance we mean a mechanism for tracing data item content and control through a processing system including any transformation to the data item. This includes flows with multiple sources, collective sensor fusion and processing by machine learning algorithms. Data flow provenance means not just tracing control but also verifying the end-to-end integrity of every data flow including any transformations (additions, deletions, modifications, combinations, and ML processing).When a DID and hence data chain of the resultant data is extended to machines, the provenance chain of the data flow can provide the basis for verifiable claims and attestations about the data flow itself as well as for reputation mechanisms. These novel verifiable data chains and reputation mechanisms allow to asses trustworthiness, reliability or risk metrics of a given output of a data chain.The applications of verifiable data chains stretch across multiple use cases including real-time vehicle value, agile driving, road and obstacle mapping, usage-based insurance (UBI), data market places, reliable feedback loops into driver assistance systems (DAS) and autonomous driving infrastructures, V2V/V2I interactions and cooperative mobility systems.Benefits of data provenance along a digitized value chain include:  reliability of data and ML labels in distributed systems  increased safety  maximized efficiency with less congestion, impact, costs and better services.Our verifiable data chain concept supports the MOBI goal of the first stage to demonstrate the pieces of the BC/DLT mobility puzzle that can be used and scaled today. We suggest evaluating our proposed data chain concept as a foundational technology for the future MOBI infrastructure.How we built itDecentralized identifiers (DIDs)The resulting combinatorics of possible connections between any given set of entities in a mobility system is an impossibly large number. Yet in today's user journeys or business environments, agents (whether human, machine, or software) increasingly need to communicate, access or transact with a diverse group of these interconnected entities to achieve their goals. This requires an interoperable and ubiquitous method to address, verify and connect these elements together.We propose to adopt the open decentralized identifier standard (DID) as an open, interoperable addressing standard and to establish mechanisms to resolve DIDs across multiple central or decentral mobility systems [2].DIDs are the atomic units of a new layer of decentralized identity infrastructure. DIDs can be extended from identifiers of people, to any entity, thus to identify every thing. We use DIDs to help identify and manage data sets, objects, machines or software agents through their digital twins, to locations, to events, and even to pure data objects.DIDs are derived from public private key pairs. We are using innovative cryptographic solutions for secure key management by fragmenting the private key of a DID that never exists in its entirety. Our key management solution is very effective for providing very secure signing transactions e.g. for smart phones, algorithms or data sets. An integration of the key management technology into embedded devices is on our technology roadmap.A DID has the following required syntax:did:method:idstringWe are using the Ethereum Blockchain and DID method ethr for our development work.did:ethr:0x5ed65343eda1c46566dff6774132830b2b821b35As our technology stack is blockchain agnostic any other DID method based on alternative blockchains can be integrated and used.Verifiable claimsDIDs are only the base layer of decentralized identity infrastructure. The next higher layer (where most of the value is unlocked), are verifiable claims [3,4]. This is the technical term for a digitally signed electronic data structure that conforms to the interoperability standards being developed by the W3C Verifiable Credentials Working Group.Verifiable claims can be either self-issued by an entity such as a machine to provide a proof about authenticity and integrity of data or they can be issued by a third party (issuer, e.g. OEM, government, TÜV, service provider, bank).In mobility systems any entity might want to transact with any other entity. This means entities are engaging with each other in a dynamically defined, on-demand way. It is not pre-defined which entities interact among each other. To ensure efficient transactions any new entity in a mobility value chain must be able to independently verify other counter parties.To achieve this objective, we are using the DID approach and are anchoring the verifiable claims on a distributed ledger technology to move the cryptographic root of trust from central systems into a decentral, interoperable infrastructure.Digital twins that are verifiableA digital twin is a digital representation of a biological entity (human, living organism, organization), a physical entity (objects, machines), a digital entity (digital asset, software agent) or any system formed of any combination of individual entities.Digital twins can represent objects and entities as varied as a IoT sensors, ECUs, spare parts, vehicles, traffic lights, access gates, human users, or a city, and everything else in between. More recently they have started to be used to represent intangible entities like services, code, data, processes and knowledge. Digital twin data can consist of any life-cycle attributes and IoT sensor, telematics or compute data.A verifiable digital twin is a digital twin with attributes that are represented by verifiable claims. These attributes such as a birth certificate, authentication proof, a calibration report or sensor data attestations can be independently verified by any third party.This type of digital twin provides verifiable data about its creation, life-cycle, sensor readings, actuator commands or transactions. These verifiable data can be used for audit trails, decision making and for feedback loops in (autonomous) control systems.Verifiable driving event data chainA data chain is a cryptographic data structure that chains signed data objects together and establishes a method for data flow provenance. Data flow provenance allows verifying the end-to-end integrity of every data flow object and its transformations (additions, deletions, modifications, combinations, and machine learning processing).Processing of driving event data is operational in multiple mobility disciplines. Driving event data processing can include multiple data sources, parties, algorithms and processing steps. A human or non-human end-user of driving event data chains needs to be able to validate trustworthiness and accuracy of data chain output data. This requirement becomes of critical importance when the output data is used in safety or security relevant use cases or to make economic decision with significant commercial values involved.For establishing a verifiable data chain, we link signed objects together. The following code snippet is a payload example with a machine learning label (red traffic light), information about the algorithm that created the label (Algorithm 1) and a link to the previous data chain block (previous block ID).HEADER: PAYLOAD TOKEN TYPE & SIGNATURE ALGORITHM{"typ": "JWT","alg": "ES256K-R"}PAYLOAD: DATA{  {  "iat": 1546724123,  "exp": 1546810523,  "signer": {    "type": "algorithm",    "name": "Algorithm 1"  },  "data": {    "claim": {      "predictionLabel": "red traffic light, red traffic signal, stoplight",      "predictionProb": "0.983483",      "did": "did:ethr:0xe405b9ecb83582e4edc546ba27867ee6f46a940d"    },    "previousBlockId": "b86d95d0-1131-11e9-982e-51c29ca1f26e",    "previousBlockHash": "307b817de9b7175db0ded0ea9576027efd64fb21"  },  "iss": "did:ethr:0x5ed65343eda1c46566dff6774132830b2b821b35"}The data chain object can be verified by validating the signature of the payload. Cryptographic data chains enable users to validate the provenance of entire driving event data processing chains including the authenticity and integrity of the input data, the output data and the provenance of sensing devices and the processing algorithms.We recommend to  establish verifiable data chains for driving event data processing,  provide a DID for every entity and data set,  integrate the data chains with DID registries (e.g. validated list of OEMs).The verifiable digital twins are addressable by their DIDs and providing information about organizations, sensors telematics devices, data sets, external data sources, software algorithms and users involved in the data chain.This approach is of particular value when validation or benchmarking data are available about the sensing devices, vehicles and the algorithms that are processing the driving event data. In combination with a reputation or validation system any user can calculate trustworthiness and accuracy metrics about the output data. For instance, data with provenance will have a much higher commercial value on a data market place.As a next step, reputation methods can be integrated for both, individual digital twins and entire data chains. Further standardization work on data chain trustworthiness and accuracy metrics need to be done.Design principlesFor our digital twin and data chain integration work we are applying the following design principles:PrincipleDescriptionFrom VINs to value chainsAbstracting the Concept of Identity to a mobility system of vehicles, IoT, road & travel infrastructure, mobility systems, ML agents, driving event data set, autonomous driving/DAS feedback loops, markets and humans. Exchanging data among those entities. E2E data provenance along a value chain.Blockchain-agnosticUse blockchain for anchoring attestations or verifiable claims. Decision on which blockchain to anchor claims based on user preferences or economic metrics such as Tx costs. Use of fiat-backed stable coins for micropayments.Scalable integrationIntegrated technology stack consisting of off-chain data structures, serverless cloud infrastructure, secure key management, DIDs, ML agents, sensor data, data chain fusion and blockchain connectors.Responsibility SegregationImplementation of this common pattern for micro services design that supports scalability and maintainability of our solution.StandardsUse of existing W3C, Industry 4.0 and Automotive data standards and semantic models to ensure adaptability and portability of our solution.Business valueFocusing on simple data integrity and authenticity problems within existing value chains. Retrofitting of existing infrastructures to scale adoption.Agile driving event data chain for MOBI grand challengeAgile driving events can be divided into two groups: (1) the interaction between a driver’s vehicle and the road environment, and (2) the interaction between a driver’s vehicle and nearby vehicles [5].Diverse methods for enhancing driving safety have been proposed. Such methods can be roughly classified as passive or active. Passive methods (e.g., seat-belts, airbags, and anti-lock braking systems), which have significantly reduced traffic fatalities, were originally introduced to diminish the degree of injury from an accident. By contrast, active methods are designed to prevent accidents from occurring. Driver assistance systems (DAS) are designed to alert the driver - or an autonomous driving module - as quickly as possible to a potentially dangerous situation.The two classes of driving events may occur simultaneously and lead to certain serious traffic situations. Automotive industry is working on active methods and systems including machine learning algorithms to analyze these two kinds of events and determine dangerous situations in agile driving from data collected by various sensors and data from external sources. The machine learning output labels about dangerous curves, road obstacles or poor vehicle conditions are fed into control, transaction and risk systems. In distributed mobility systems the trustworthiness and accuracy of the output labels must be independently verifiable.Key question: How can I trust vehicle identity data, 3rd party data and machine learning labels that are created and processed along a distributed mobility value chain?To achieve trustworthiness of output labels we are planning to blend our verifiable data chain technology with historic driving event data and black box algorithms to build a verifiable driving event solution:  Interoperable decentral identity and verifiable digital twinning protocol  Cryptographically secured and blockchain-enabled data chains  E2E integration of remote sensing (telematics) data and machine learning algorithmsOur approach demonstrates how the following trust problems can be addressed with DLT:  Vehicle provenance and configuration  Provenance, verifiability and integrity of the driving event input data (or telematics data)  Integrity and transparency of driving event data chain when multiple 3rd party intermediaries are involved  Credentials about benchmarking of ML algorithms and training data  Aggregated accuracy and trustworthiness of predicted ML labels and attributesChallenges we ran intoOver the course of the implementation of our verifiable data chain we ran into the following challenges: Providing DID identity to individual data sets and algorithms No reference implementations for verifiable data chains No common semantic standards for automotive digital twin Lack of validated source code for scalable issuing and anchoring of verifiable claims (>100.000 Tx/s) Getting access to sensible OEM driving event data and real algorithms Lack of E2E driving event data models and architectures (location, transport, events, processing)We solved (1.) and (2.) with our data chain implementation. We researched W3C vehicle signalling standards and semantic web as well industry 4.0 standards to address (3.).We are testing the sidetree protocol on IPFS that might lead to a solution for (4.). We are planning to benchmark the protocol in the next weeks.We are trying to address (5.) with BMW.  Data model implementation patterns need to be created in order to enable effective implementation of cyber physical systems (CPS). This is a general task to be done regardless of the use of DLT technology. To address (6.) we are working with the German Centre of Artificial Intelligence (DFKI) on a CPS integration methodology, a data modelling methodology and reusable data model implementation patterns for verifiable data chains.Accomplishments that we are proud ofWe accomplished the development of verifiable data chains including the following technology components:  DID manager  Secure key management  HD identity wallet  Verifiable claims  Deployment on severless cloud functions on AWS  Integration of tensor flow algorithms for image processingWe are now planning to integrate historic agile driving event data from an OEM and a black box algorithm with our existing data chain solution on Amazon Web Services.What we learnedOur primary leanings are around the following areas of interest:  Abstraction of the DID method to any object  Identity solutions for machine learning agents  Scalability of off-chain data structures  Integration of serverless cloud infrastructure with key management and identity wallets  Verifiability of data chains  Applicability of data chains for above mentioned data-driven business solutionsWhat's next: our broader objectiveOur broader objective is to establish a scalable digital twin protocol and a technology layer for autonomous things. We call these digital twins autonomous digital twins that are verifiable, semantic and privacy-preserving.We are integrating further W3C and Industry 4.0 standards to establish a semantic digital twin network. Our work integrates further innovation in cryptography and privacy-preserving solutions to achieve GDPR compliance for both, the human and non-human entities.We are looking forward to field test our solution in a complete mobility ecosystem.Explainer VideosIntroduction to Verifiable Data Chains - Video Part IIWe created a video to explain the concept of Verifiable Data Chains for driving event data processing: https://vimeo.com/310934948Explanation of our Verifiable Data Chain  Demonstrator for MGC - Video Part IIIThis is an explanation about our verifiable data chain demonstrator:https://vimeo.com/310937978how to use ithow it workswhat you see in our demo implementationSafer & better mobility through Spherity's verifiable Driving Event Data Chains.References[1] A DID for Everything - Rebooting Web of Trust Working Draft[2] W3C DID Specification[3] W3C Verifiable Claims[4] Decentral Identity Foundation[5] Dangerous Driving Event Analysis System by a Cascaded Fuzzy Reasoning Petri NetBuilt Withaiamazon-web-servicesblockchaindidsdigital-twinningethereumjavamachine-learningpythonsecure-key-managementverifiable-claimsTry it outinterlinked-client-app.s3-website.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com      Submitted to    Mobi Grand Challenge Hackathon    Created by  CEO/CTO of Spherity GmbH. I did the tech research about verifiable data chains, secure key management and digital twinning for mobility applications. I worked with our dev team to test different implementation options and to develop real-world prototypes.I am a physicist by training with a Ph.D. from the University of Aachen. I served served as a Council Member of Global Future Network for the World Economic Forum and worked on their future of transport research.Prior to founding Spherity GmbH, I worked for innogy SE, German Aerospace Center (Deutsches Zentrum für Luft- und Raumfahrt, DLR) and Accenture GmbH.Carsten StoeckerCEO/CTO of Spherity GmbHDr. Michael RütherRicky ThiermannOleksandr Yenkalov 
 In order to help stores improve beer sales we believe it is important to collect as much data as possible about the quantity and variety of beers available for purchase.  
 As a team that loves to travel like nomads, we wanted to make a new way for people to experience traveling. We felt a way this could be done was to make traveling a game by rewarding users for their actions. This would allow them to interact their fellow travelers with and record their adventures better than ever.  
  
 One of our team members has a relative with Alzheimers and younger siblings, we developed a software that uses machine learning to help identify objects. Which in term can also be used to recognize inventory and several other things that developers can think of. 
 Wearables are an emerging, massively growing area within technology today.  The challenge is creating aesthetically pleasing yet having a high-value function.  Rama Prasad is working on connected wearable devices as a startup, and this is a foray into investigating some of fascinating new form factor possibilities.Pins are traditionally worn to show one's affiliation for a group - typically it can be geographical, sports-related, organizational or even nationalistic.  In this case, we're a bunch of IoT geeks here in Minnesota, and we want to celebrate and recognize the tech community that we love.What it DoesFor now, we are thinking that the functionality will be the following:  This is a pin which has hands-free connection to a smartphone, which alerts the user with music that is played from songs stored on the phone.That being said, this is a work in process - please check back here for more updates and please give us your feedback as we investigate what we want this thing to do.  The smartphone is a massive ecosystem - so it's a question of what appeals to people in IoTFuse.How I'm Going To Build ItSoftware & Hardware NeededBluebean is less than a quarter size, it can fit behind a button pin.First iteration we will use a non-rechargeable battery, but in the future we will look at smaller rechargeable batteries.We will print off custom pins which have, "IoTFuse," logo on it.We will use Android studio to build an Android ChallengesFiguring out how everything fits together.Soldering and making sure the wires fit into location without looking uglyRF Problems from interaction with the pin itselfStretch GoalsPlan for making scalableWhat We Are Looking to LearnWe want to observe whether the statement of "connected" personal style resonates with peopleWe want test some of the functionality and RF effects.What's next for Bluepin - The Official Connected Pin of IoTFuseIf we can make more than a few and get some initial interest, we will try to make a few more quickly and sell them at Maker Faire.Built With3dprintingandroid-studiobluetoothkuduwearablesledsrfidspeakerteqnizan-wearablesthingbits      Submitted to    Mother's Day IoT MakeathonWinner                Uno R3 MainBoard (Arduino Clones), + Seeed Studio $20 Gift Certificates              IoT Hack Day 2016    Created by  Kristina Durivagebrajk001Rama PrasadDavid QuimbyFounder of Adaptive Avenue; expert in user-centric design; collaborated with Doug Engelbart (inventor of GUI) at Stanford Research InstituteDave MathiasEntrepreneur that aim at blending people, process, data and technology to solve problems. 
 Cancer is one of the deadliest diseases in the world. Part of what is limiting cancer research is knowing where to look, and being able to analyze huge amounts of data. This projects aims to provide useful information to researchers about oncogenic sequences and where to direct their research.   
 This was originally going to be a personal project that I wanted to work on my own as part of learning more about the Internet of Things and making mixed reality apps. It just so happened that this challenge was going on and that it would be a great opportunity to kick start this project. 
  
  
  
 The negative comments regarding Vodafone's customer service on facebook and other social media 
 This story starts with someone in my campus residence almost hitting me with a cane. That someone is the only blind people I had met over the last few years. Going from this, I started wondering about the way blind people walking with difficulty in the street with their cane, could benefit from technology to improve how they perceive their environment. Eyevoice is an application that aims at helping the blind in their everyday life. 
 We were inspired by the hustle and bustle of everyday life. The project will contribute to the simplicity of unboxing the user's emotions to correspond with what the user would like to listen to. 
 After seeing the boom in bots becoming so prevalent on platforms like Slack and Messenger, we wanted to build something similar as well. Using Wayfair's infrastructure also gives us the ability to build a powerful and user friendly bot. 
 Chat bots are used to provide a conversational interface between systems users, enhancing the human workflows, and help streamline and simplify the completion of tasks. The RPA is responsible for task execution, connecting to the systems, mimic and replace the human-driven workflows.Implementing RPA processes, there are times when the robot needs human feedback. Either there is an approval required or there is a need to complete missing information in a document, the robot needs to pass the control to a person. If that person is on the go, or at the office, it will be nice the RPA robot start chatting with the person and ask what it needs.The joint functionality of chat bots and RPA combined, alleviates the burden experienced by the human workforce brought on by repetitive, mundane and low value admin driven tasks. It only seems natural for instant chat and Robotic Process Automation to come together in contributing towards the customer self-service and employee productivity revolution.   
 Planning anything with (travel, conferences, etc) with groups of people can be a pain: long email threads, lots of document forwarding and management, and still one has to spend even more time to organize and stay on top of all that shared content. Taggrr aims to change that by enabling collaboration through shareable and portable tags. 
 Ever wanted to make your wildest dreams come true? Ride the stallion of tomorrow? VRtionary fills you with the vigor of youth and the wisdom of age. 
  
 Champollion 2.0 was born from a need I had: I began my own genealogy in 1990. There was no electronic document at that time, but into the 2000's, the need for specific software that would help handle historical documents started to grow. During the year 2012, I started programming one small utility. I then added features as I encountered new needs. In 2014 my program became a full application, and I decided to work harder and try and turn it into a fully grown commercial application. I started my company in late 2014 and started to sell the software in February 2015. 
  
 I always wanted to make a bot which gives information of Health related diseases hence I tried this one 
 Our inspiration was to create a simultion that would be fun with practical aplications. 
 We want to be able to write immersive interactive stories easily, without the hassle of complex game logic, or dealing with I/O. 
 We all go to the doctors for fever, flu and any other sickness that you might have gotten. But can you honestly say that you taken the prescribed medicine on time ? Are you really helping yourself by skipping the pills ? 
 Have you ever been addicted to the super duper popular game Flappy Bird? We all have been! We are also curious about VR game developments!  
 My partner's little brother has an egg allergy. Every time their family goes out to dinner, they have to ask the waiter/waitress if a certain menu item has Egg in it, which usually is about a 10 minute process for the waiter to go back and forth for information that should already be accessible to everyone, even before they walk into the restaurant. 
 I wanted to try out Swift & SpriteKit, but as I had no clue what to build, I started building a weather app :) 
  
 The idea of NESS was born in 2014, when we realized everybody hates leaving the tap open while waiting for hot water. Sure, there were some solutions, but most of them implied wasting huge amounts of energy and/or money (Resistor Heaters. additional heaters near the shower, additional recirculation pipes). That's why we created NESS. 
 One of the key issues in a world where employment is purportedly a few clicks away is the "idle" applicant. The same tools have been made simple and painless for serious, active job searchers will inevitably attract users who are simply taking a flight of fancy through the job boards. And if those users are successful, more power to them. But as someone who is looking, with some urgency, for employment as a web developer, managing all of the job boards, resumé versions, and new contacts these relatively lightweight tools simply mean I have more accounts, and less confidence in the possibilities attached to each one. Enter Binnacle.  
 Time wasted with:Interviews with candidates who do not fit the company culture. Ill-fitting new hiresConsequently, team morale takes a hit 
 The inability to send text messages or post tweets via the Amazon Alexa.  
 Have you ever wondered, what you're throwing away? Thousands of people contribute to large landfill masses and unnecessary waste. "Unnecessary Waste" means waste that doesn't belong in the landfill or doesn't need to be thrown away at all. People are still finding huge amounts of trash in places it doesn't belong, and we've found a solution. 
 We got interested on ultrasonic waves applications after seeing the project Dubzooka at the last edition of HackUPC Winter. After that, we started doing some research and we discovered a paper on acoustic levitation using ultrasonic waves and we got fascinated by the topic.And after doing some research on people applying the paper and doing real life ultrasonic levitation we started developing our own solution.Even though it has no direct applications yet, after refining and improving the technology we believe it can be a revolution in medicine and chemistry for its applications on the management of dangerous non-polar substances on container-less environments. 
 Images are hard to organize, and sometimes it's easier to screenshot text to keep records. We needed a tool to sort images, much like grep does with plain-text.Probable use-cases include finding records of particular lecture slides, notes, conversations, etc. 
 Over text, it can be easy to come off the wrong way, or be unintentionally off-putting. We wanted to solve this in a helpful, unobtrusive way, so you can sound as good over email as you do in live conversation.How it worksWhen you write an email (in Gmail or Inbox), Tone analyzes your message in real time to let you know if you're sounding too self-centered or aggressive, or very open and agreeable. Tone provides a helpful 'language graph' at the top of your compose window, visually breaking down what you’ve written.We use the IBM Watson Personality Insights API to classify your message and assign traits to it. Watson makes this complicated classification process simple, perfect for our use case.What's next for ToneEventually we want to replace all human communication with Markov-chain generated, perfectly tone-acceptable communiqués, so that everyone is happy all of the time. No one will ever have to say mean things on the internet.Built Withbluemixchromeibmibm-watsonjavascript      Submitted to    Bitcamp 2015Winner                Best Application Built on IBM Bluemix platform.                  Created by  Matt CondonBenjamin Zweigwhat up 
  
 We were suffering from newsletters filling our mailboxes. We love the newsletter and how they are carefully hand picked. We thought of the idea of this application to restore sanity to our mailboxes but moving the newsletters to our platform. 
 The Alexa store didn't seem to offer a counting type of game and 3 6 9 is a fun counting game that I used to play as a child. However, because the timing/speed aspect cannot be precisely controlled, a multiplication aspect was added, which was an educational boost to the game as well. How to PlayThree Six Nine is a counting game where each member of the game takes a turn counting by one. However, in these specific scenarios, the player must say "quack" rather than the number. The number contains a digit that contains a three, six, or nineThe number is divisible by threeIf the number contains more than one digit that contains a three, six, or nine, the user must say "quack quack"Example: 1, 2, clap, 4 ... 11, clap, clap, 14This can be played either with one person or with as many people as you want by simply saying either "Ask Three Six Nine to play" or "Ask Three Six Nine to play with {numFriends} friends."ChallengesAs it was my first Alexa skill that I built, I had a difficult time understanding how I would implement this game. There were no other examples that I could find that was centered around a counting game. For a while, I couldn't figure out how to account for when the user didn't give Alexa any input.Accomplishments that I'm proud ofBeing my first Alexa skill, I'm proud that I stuck with my original idea and managed to figure out an implementation of the game for Alexa.What's next for 3 6 9A high score tracker Nothing much more. I will be looking to developing new Alexa Skills hoping to use the Echo buttons. Thank you for reading! Hope you have a great rest of the day! Built Withamazon-web-servicesjavascriptlambdaTry it outwww.alexaskillstore.com      Submitted to    Alexa Skills Challenge: KidsWinner                Finalist Prize                  Created by  Hyunrae Kim 
 With most lock boxes, you need to use something like a key, RFID, or something else that you gotta keep track of to open the device.  We wanted to make something that was effortless to get access to the secured box.  With Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE), we can auto unlock the box which makes for a convenient and secure device! 
  
 We're a team formed of CS students, a mathematician and an engineer. We have some very mixed skill sets, and so wanted to do something which everybody could work on. We had the idea of making some kind of catapult controlled by an Arduino, and that evolved into this. 
 We identified the lung cancer is one of the most critical diseases, for the chance that a man will develop lung cancer in his lifetime is about 1 in 14 and for a woman, 1 in 17. It is crucial to detect cancer at early stage to ensure timely treatment and increase survival rates.    However, the diagnosis process is time-consuming and prohibitive, which hinders people for actively monitoring their health conditions. Furthermore, the manpower cost to hire a specialist for hospitals is costly in terms of both time and finance, with an extensive training required.    After exploring the elegance of machine learning, we believe that the deep learning methodology can contribute largely towards this pressuring issue. Within 2 days, we built LCD, an innovate deep learning tool dedicated to lung cancer diagnosis.     
  
 Finding clothes that match your own style requires some skills and time browsing online stores. Filtering among various categories, searching between old and new apparel, and making sure they what you like in your size takes time.What if you could have a personal assistant at the tip of your fingers? Someone who is always online, ready to talk to on Facebook Messenger. Just like an endless walk-in closet, Personal Shopper offers your a diverse catalog in the form of conversation. It doesn’t matter whether you want to buy an item or create your own style, Personal Shopper makes it easier and fun to discover new clothes.Just like that Kristen Stewart movie! 
 "So, guys, we know we all want to go to a concert somewhere, but there are just so many options to choose from!""Yeah, and it's especially difficult because we have such varying tastes.""If only there were some sort of chatbot that could take our musical preferences and somehow convert them into concert options for us…""Wouldn't that be great? And imagine if the power of Amazon Lex was used to control its conversation logic!"Does this conversation sound familiar to you? Well it should now, because you just read it a moment ago. Our concert-loving group of developers wanted to create a chatbot that would not only give users concert recommendations based on their music interests, whether they be by artist or by genre, but would also help them decide as a group which concert to go to. We'll even throw in some live concert videos from YouTube to help them decide! 
  
  
  
 Have you ever made yourself a cup of tea, and then promptly forgot about it when waiting for the water to cool? We have. Imagine a Smart IOCup™, that constantly measures the temperature of your drink and notifies you when it is the perfect temperature. 
  
 I was standing at a bus stop one day waiting for my bus to work and saw the municipal water tank come in and water the plants on the road-side that are a part of the city's beautification process. I was confused because it rained in the morning and I was sure that the plants on the side of the road need not be watered. I thought if there was a way to tell people when to stop watering plants as most people I have seen with gardens tend to be overzealous with watering their plants. 
  
 Our inspiration was the lack of a Chess game for the GearVR platform and since we are fans of chess and coding, we decided to make our own game 
  
 We wanted to make an app that helped people with dietary restrictions/the elderly pick what foods they should or should not be able to eat. We went with IBM-Watson's image recognition because we think it would be great to have such an app that does all of this with just a picture.  
  
 My first motivation was to learn meteor; create a second application. My first application is an attempt to recreate billpin which seems to be going into decay, I've publish this first app a while ago at: http://billbuz.com/.Internet of Things have been a popular topic lately and we are seeing many applications being create to monitor data streams. Since I've always been a fan of home automation and as a side hobby I build my wireless arduino sensors, I wanted to be able to track them in a convenient way. I have few Arduino with nRF24L01 and sensors which are battery powered around the house. 
 Yeezus 
 It'd be fair to say that > 70% of my life involves email. I write 3 different weekly newsletters, and I approach them all with a mobile-first mindset. Why? Because it's 2015.And while there are a lot of tools that can help you design, test, and send a great looking email, they won't help you get opens -- and opens beget clicks! If you ask me, the single most important thing you can do to ensure opens is nailing the subject line & preheader text preview in notifications & mobile inboxes. If you screw that up, you're getting swiped into the trash.I've written a few tools to check for spammy language and optimize the length of your subject lines, so I thought, why not create a tool for mobile inbox previews? It'd let me iterate on subject lines / preheaders faster than sending myself tests & checking them on my phone.How it worksI recreated the Android Gmail app's inbox in HTML, (big ups to Marvel for the Nexus 5 template), and added some JavaScript so that you can edit the sender name, subject lines, and preheader text. There's some JS in there that truncates & adds ellipses to text that extends beyond the ~40 char limit that Gmail displays.Challenges I ran intoCSS & positioning & floats & setting widths are horrible. My least favorite part of front-end projects. And, perhaps because it was 4am, I couldn't get the text to auto-truncate & apply ellipses with CSS. I feel like that's possible.Accomplishments that I'm proud ofI was able to reuse a lot of the JS I wrote for my headline / spammyness checker projects. Yay for reusability! I'm also proud of the borderless text boxes with mouseovers. I think they make the experience a lot better.What I learnedCan't say I've 'learned' much — I just modified some tutorials — but this was my first time using the Flexbox model. It's pretty powerful, but I felt weird also using floats. It's a kludge to be sure and I need to do more reading on it.What's next / todosI need to clean up the CSS, add GA tracking, and some other stuff -- but the biggest thing I want to do is create a version for the iOS mail app. Anybody want to help me with that?Built Withcssdribbbleflexboxinsomniajavascriptmaterial-designuifaceszeptoTry it outnealrs.github.iogithub.com    Created by  I created a fix for the caret jumping to the end of line on truncation, and replaced jQuery with Zepto to decrease the total size of the request.Matthew GerriorSenior Software Engineer @ DevpostI've gotta stop going to bed thinking "I wonder if anybody ever built..." It always turns into an all night hack sesh.Neal ShyamI write Devpost's weekly newsletter. I also write code. 
 To me there was a certain beauty to graphs - I know that sounds odd and geeky but it seemed so strange that something mathematical was in fact so in grained in our physical world. Taking this concept of waves and dynamics, it wasn't a stretch to create game where controlling those dynamics were the key to survival. The game:The game focuses around two waves:  i.e you. You have two possible ways of controlling them, moving them up and down; or moving them further or closer together.  You're objective survive. Obstacles head your way getting progressively harder and more challenging, but there are a few power-ups to help you out. As the difficulty increases and the obstacles getting harder to predict, it becomes more and more necessary to use both controls in tandem; truly testing co-ordination and reactions.How I built itThe main framework I used was SpriteKit - Apple's own 2d engine. I found it to be intuitive and straight-forward, making it easier to focus on the logic and maths to set up this mathematical phenomenon ;). The UI was pre-sketched in Sketch, a brilliant design tool I found to truly see how the final product would look, but I think most of all the vector drawing made the quality of the images brilliant, considering I opted for a clean, minimalist geometric style. The music was made through Garageband, and though it may not be the focus of the game it proved an adequate backing to the game. Challenges I ran intoThe main challenge on the coding front was setting up the sin wave, and making it adjustable; but more-so in a good bullet-proof system that decreased the chances of bugs and gave the user a beautiful experience. But, also I think what was harder was creating a perfect alignment system so that the spikes always aligned with the max amplitude of the wave regardless of the global step or the fps changes. But on the UI and UX front, though I got the initial idea and concept nailed out quickly actually making that happen proved quite the challenge: creating the icons, assets and most importantly colour schemes :D - it got quite tedious. The tutorial and ironing out the learning curve of the game to make it enjoyable was also very difficult. The tutorial had to be more "walk-in" and interactive to truly show the concept, but the passing of the game had to be right when they began. This however more challenging when people who playing the game for a while said the start became boring since it was too easy. The dilemma I still don't know if I have solved!Accomplishments that I'm proud ofAs my first real project and product, I think it was a very good step. I think I was able to take a concept and deliver it into a professional looking app (I hope...). The idea I felt was novel and I think definitely was my eye-opener into app development and then I think to computer science in general. Overall, I think my proudest aspect would be the look of the game, in my opinion, it is beautiful and especially on the right device; and I feel it is a true product.What I learnedI learned a lot. In coding the most: just realising the worst method possible, was a huge improvement for me. It truly turned my attention to "efficient beautiful" code. However I am still shaky on being able to comment regularly, having a good naming system...But on practical aspects, I learnt the nuances and intricacies of iOS app submission: the horror of screenshot and app previews and icons. How multi-device support should be considered when the app is first built - not at the last minute. Not to leave the FPS count on in a final build ...It was truly a journey.What's next for CoSineI would like to expand the assets and maybe add a few game-modes. And maybe team up with other people to truly make it better in ways that I probably cannot see. Built Withiossprite-kitxcodeTry it outitunes.apple.com      Submitted to    Make School's Student App Competition 2017Winner                10 Upvote Prize                  Created by  Aravind Prabhakaran 
  
  
  
  
 Nowadays, cryptocurrency usage is reduced to a small percent of us. With KashBot we aim to make the process of sending Bitcoin accessible to everyone. 
 From various hackathons and conferences where a large number of students connect with multiple employers, we feel that it is often very slow and inconvenient for students to network. Hence, we want to improve this process through the use of facial recognition and FIREBASE.InstructionGo to the main directory and run the following command to install all dependenciesnpm iThen, to start:npm startBuilt Withbootstrapcssfirebasehtmljavascriptjquerykaironode.jsnpmsassTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    Hack the North 2018    Created by  Duc Thanh NguyenBen JohnsSiddharth SuranaSrishti Ahuja 
  
  
  
 Our team identified a common pattern with existing women’s safety apps: excellent features exist for alerts, messages, location tracking and 911 calls - but they all lack quick one-step access to preconfigured actions so that women can react immediately when in danger. That’s where ReaXn comes in.How it worksReaXn’s iOS prototype allows a user to knock on their phone, without taking it out of their pocket, and send a message alert to anyone. The receiver, content, and other information are pre-configured so reacting is truly a one-step action.Challenges we ran intoProduct: Providing tangible value without reinventing the wheel. Design: Creating a minimal, user-friendly yet eye-catching design.Engineering: Making texts/calls through Twilio, by-passing the iOS lock screen to enable direct actions when device is knocked on, creating an API for our features.What we learned how to:Connect complex global issues with technology and design.Work in a team, split up tasks, and communicate with people we just met.Use existing iOS knowledge creatively to provide easy usage.What's next for ReaXnProvide more safety features, and more quick-access meansCreate an API for iOS and Android for any app to extend our quick-access features.Try it outgithub.com      Submitted to    CHIMEHACK 2Winner                Chegg: Young Innovator (University Students)                  Created by  I worked on UX/UI/Branding design for ReaXn app and deck design for our presentation.Luna Chen2015 KPCB Design FellowI worked on the iOS development, specifically focusing on the gesture detection and location tracking.aspinI worked on the iOS app, especially implementing the front-end and connecting with the Twilio API.Benjamin ReynoldsCreative coder and designer | Software, Game, and App Developer @ MITDhruv PurushottamSonny Li 
 Lots of special messages you receive by email ought to be things you can hold in your hands, or on paper. Printing is expensive (time, carbon-footprint, resources, etc) and having access to a printer these days is starting to be as rare as having a CD or DVD-drive on your laptop. It's the experience of seeing it on paper that makes all the difference - so, why not virtualize to create the effect? 
 Being frustrated with recreating my CV every time something changes in the template or the need rewrite my whole CV ever time an update is required. 
 The inspiration comes for integrating the most disruptive technology to one of the major problems that mankind is facing or will face in future. Water Reuse Certificates(WRC) need to have an economic value, so people can buy and trade those certificate which will help the mankind for the greater cause of mankind. 
 More than half of the world’s population now live in urban areas. By 2050, that figure will have risen to 6.5 billion people - two-thirds of all humanity. Increased urbanisation means that a higher number of people will be relying on their local town/city councils for support when it comes to resolving problems. 
 One aspect which no one looks into is to improve land productivity. With our web application, we provide direct access of land to/from farmers from/to the market so that the farmer can rent or sell the land to solar panel or renewable resources companies which can be beneficial to the farmers and the environment. 
 1 in 9 people in the world have no access to clean drinking water. Closer to home, BC encounters hundreds of wildfires a year and we need freshwater to fight them!Despite this fact, Canadians have the world's second largest water footprint, using 329 litres a day. The more shocking fact was that only 10% of this water was used for drinking. Given this information, we were inspired to empower the average household consumer to reduce water usage by removing 3 barriers that they face: Awareness: Water meters are buried underground in Vancouver. Affordability: Water meters are currently available for garden hoses, but at a cost of ~$100.Accessibility: Data is not contextualized, users do not know what numbers mean. 
 Solving the needs for refugees and migrants, 91% from Middle East and Africa are illiterate in English when they arrive.Inspired by the Universal translator in Star TrekNamed after Hoshi Sato, who is the fictional character who developed it.https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hoshi_Sato 
  
 I wanted to showcase the capabilities organizations have to increase their overall security using the Security API and the Microsoft Graph, with Microsoft's productivity suite (Planner and Teams), to investigate alerts and coordinate responses to possible security threats.   
 I grew used to using automatic recording programs for other VoIP programs and noticed a lack of recording options for discord. 
 Worldwide, there are more than 300 million depressive people according to the World Health Organization. Depression not only accounts for the majority of chronic sick leaves. It's one of the most frequently mentioned causes when it comes to the 800k suicides per year. MoodAmigo's mission is to support those who are currently undergoing treatment and have a hard time getting back to normal life during their rehabilitation. 
 No solution exists for accurate marijuana impairment testing. Every year, over 1 million people die from car accidents, and high drivers are 25% more likely to be involved in an accident than sober ones. Employees are 85% more likely to be injured in the workplace under the influence of marijuana. We wanted to tackle this problem for a safer world. 
 Boom BloxCrush the CastleAngry BirdsKnown IssuesTrajectory prediction arc is always on to help judges get thru the entire game quickly.Blob drop shadows and light mapping were disabled for performance reasons. Will probably get them working again when Unity 5 support is ready.Framerate can drop when there’s many particle effects on screen. This is actually kind of cool to see blocks fall in slow-mo. Again, Unity 5 may help.Camera wall clip protection was disabled due to it affecting only one eye camera. (Which was rather uncomfortable.)After doing a full play thru the phone crashed hard after completing the last levels (20 and 21). Battery had to be removed to fix. This happened twice and may be due to an overheat.If you let someone else try this game, you might not get it back for a while.Built WithunityTry it outvrjam-submissions.s3.amazonaws.commob0.com      Submitted to    Oculus' Mobile VR Jam 2015    Created by  Bryan Livingston 
 Riding motorcycles and managing a large portfolio of crypto assets is a recipe for disaster, unless you're prepared. The biggest problem about this lifestyle is that you are constantly on the edge of technology and life itself. As we grow older, we start to think about how to pass down our assets to our heirs. Setting up a traditional trust requires human intervention, which, lets be honest, we don't trust.Many crypto users are young, fearless, at the prime of their professional career, but also naive. Many of them aren't thinking about death. Good luck passing down those synths to your children! The fact remains: if we die, so will our crypto.  
 Based on an idea by a streamer to integrate twitch integration into Space Engineers this plugin and extension were born. It was only a plugin to react to subs, follows and cheers at first, then it got pointed out that it could be made to an extension to allow for an easier overview of the actions. 
 Metropia brought GPS data from Tucson drivers. What lies in store? 
 What do you get when you combine Electrical Engineers, a Mechanical Engineer, a Biomedical Engineer, and a common love of music and the environment? An insanely fun musical instrument created from the leftover spoils of a hackathon well done. Hit the triple bottom line, while pounding on the triple bass. 
 IRC is cool, and loads of cool people live on IRC! However, sometime the technical barrier can be somewhat daunting, often off-putting people. We decided to create a hack that aims to bridge the gap between normal people and the very much abnormal subset of people that use IRC! 
  
 Our team was coming up with ideas for our project when the discussion took a twist and we started talking about something quite pervasive in the workplace: unconscious bias. We wanted to tackle this issue and think of a natural, intuitive, and useful way to do it. This led us to focus on the ideation process, where many small voices with great ideas get drowned out by larger voices with poor ideas. Iterating on the idea to make it intuitive and useful to managers and teams (we talked to a lot of mentors -- user research!), we finally came up with Ideaback.  
  
 Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) refers to a range of neurological development disorders including Asperger’s Syndrome and autism that affect approximately 1 in 50 American children. Although the onset of these disorders typically occurs before children are three years old, current methods to diagnose ASD at very early ages are often ineffective, depending on the observation of certain distinctive mannerisms (such as inability to make eye contact) that may not be detected or associated with ASD. Recent research studies, however, have indicated that EEGs can offer a better, more scientific diagnosis of ASD. When children are faced with the task of integrating several different visual and audial stimuli, autistic children experience significantly reduced brain activity because of their inability to quickly process these stimuli. We were inspired by the massive potential of this new technology to make the cheapest possible EEG-based ASD-detection hack. Our goal was to create a multi-sensory game integrating many different types of stimuli, such as color, shape, and sound, to determine children’s chances of developing ASD. 
  
  
  
  
  
 When we came to Islamabad we had no idea about the routes, stops and fares of public transportation. I asked people, many of them didn't had proper information. We ended up somewhere else wasting a lot of time, money and energy. We always found it hard to travel through local transportation. Another example: Once we friends had to meet up and one of us had to travel through local wagon. He didn't had any idea which wagon to take and due to misguidance of people he reached centaurus instead of i10.It happens with most of the people while traveling through public transportation. Due to unavailability and lack of managed information. 
  
 There have been many desktop applications about viewing images but I was just not able find a single one that supports touch well.Although Windows 10's "Photos" app support touch, many users do not like it for many reasons. We can see a lot of 1 star reviews for the "Photos" app but there are not good alternatives in Windows Store. 
 The Amazon Echo and it's Alexa assistant are designed to provide hands-free access to information and internet-connected tools.  There are several skills (applications) created by third parties that add their tooling to the Echo, but there is nothing on the market currently that allows text messaging.We have limited experience with several areas in this project and felt that we could learn new technologies around the Amazon Alexa Skills Kit, AWS Lambda products, and creating a single-sign-on system to interact with the device. 
 Computers have revolutionized the practice of chess: not only can grandmasters analyze their games with unmatched precision, hundreds of thousands of amateurs can find opponents of their level online at any hour of the day. We wish to benefit from these incredible advances while preserving the joy of playing with a real chess set. 
  
 We wanted to create a system that allows people to effortlessly control robotic arms remotely.  An example of this concept is a surgeon who can use such a system to perform a surgery remotely. 
 How financially literate are you? Are you comfortable investing your own money, or do you let it slowly fade away in management fees and nickel-and-dime savings accounts? Global financial literacy tests show that just 57% of adults in the U.S. are financially literate, so if you’re not informed with your money, you’re definitely not alone!We created Switter to give everyday people the chance to explore, experiment and ultimately educate themselves on the topic of investing, without risking any of their hard-earned cash. To a lot of people investing seems like magic and so far removed from their daily lives that it would be impossible to learn. We disagree. 
 You go to a store, buy something, put it in a box outside the store, that gets taken to a place, where it gets categorized, and then sent to another place where it's cookedIt just seems too complex.  
  
  
 You've been waiting in line to get into your favorite bar for half an hour when you hear a murmur that they're charging $5 for cover, and only accepting cash.  Sighing, you look in your wallet, but as usual you only find cards and receipts.  You don't want to lose your spot, but the only ATM at the bar charges ridiculous service fees.  Ugh.With Cash Only, this is no longer a problem.  You simply pull up the app, request the cash you need, and you'll be matched with a nearby member of the Cash Only peer-to-peer network.  You send them the $5 plus a small thank-you bonus on Venmo, they hand over the cash, and dreading the phrase "cash only" becomes a thing of the past.How it worksCash Only is a mobile web app built on the Ruby on Rails framework.  It utilizes the Venmo API for person-to-person payments and Parse for its backend data.Challenges we ran intoWe spent that majority of this hackathon attempting to learn how to use PhoneGap.  PhoneGap allows developers to write apps in HTML and JavaScript, then it compiles into Android, iOS, and other native applications.  We thought that PhoneGap would be the perfect solution for creating an app that used HTTP APIs like a web app, while at the same time tracking user location in the background like a native app.  Unfortunately, while PhoneGap is a web app internally, it is not actually designed for use with HTTP APIs like Venmo.  We found several hacky implementations of HTTP APIs online, but none of them would work on our machines.  Therefore after approximately 24 of the 36 hackathon hours we switched to making a Ruby on Rails app so the Venmo API could be used properly.What's next for Cash OnlyWe see Cash Only becoming a platform like Lyft or AirBNB, where individuals can disrupt corporate monopolies and everyone gains convenience.  Future versions of Cash Only will include a gamified badge and rating system so users are held accountable for making exchanges.Built Withparseruby-on-railstwiliovenmoTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    Hack the Planet    Created by  Erin HoffmanBogdan PozdercaStudent at Michigan State UniversityLauren Bretz 
  
  
 If it's smart phone, the time of an accident should be able to do colleague's rescue support. 
 For shelter managersThere is high possibility that shelter managers are also impacted by the disaster and the turnover at the position could be really speedy.In order to manage the shelter smoothly, this system aims to be a communication system which everyone can use easily.For the people impacted by the disasterThis system aims to be a system that everyone impacted by the disaster can communicate via various ways and get rescue and information without difference between people who has IT literacy and people who don't have. 
  
  
  
  
  
 We've all heard the horror stories - dates who don't know Java from Javascript and think hackers are hunted by the FBI. We wanted an easy panic button, so you could get out of situations that are awkward, or even illegal.How it worksThe Pebble app has a companion Android app. Open up the pebble app (which is set up to look just like a clockface) before your date/sketchy situation. If you need to activate the app, the up button calls a pre-programmed emergency number (i.e. 911), the select button texts a friend with an automated SOS, and the down button will direct a call to your own phone so you can pretend to have a family emergency. To confirm that you did press a button (and help is on the way), the screen will toggle between white background with black lettering and black background with white lettering.Challenges we ran intoNone of us have worked with Pebble before, and most of us have never worked with Android. We hit a couple walls along the way. Familiarizing ourselves with Pebble took awhile, and trying to get the two apps to communicate was a definite challenge.Accomplishments that we're proud ofLearning new technologies in a few short hours. Amazing team work between strangers (though this was so effortless, it almost can't be considered an accomplishment). Kickstarting I (Margaret) and John's acting careers, and Vince's directing/producing/writing career (kidding).What we learnedHow pebbles work. How android apps work. That you don't have to be a pro - just a good measure of perseverance - to hack something together.What's next for CreeprWe think we could include more functions, which would be activated by double-clicking buttons. We would like to integrate GPS, so Creepr could send texts with our location, and possibly tie in apps like Tinder, to enable sending pictures of who the user is with.Built Withandroidcjavajavascriptjsonnokia-lumiapebbleTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    Dragon Hacks 2015    Created by  I wrote the Android software for the project. Also, I directed the super awesome video.Vincent MartinElectrical Engineer/Computer Science Guy with Pebble dev experience.deleted deletedDevin McGintyJohn ThatcherEstella Gong 
 Distraught by the lack of recent innovation in the theremin industry, the SynthCOW team set out to create the most radical musical interface possible, breaking down the analog walls that have been constraining theremin enthusiasts for decades.How it works:Left distance controls pitch, right distance controls volume. Look ma, no hands!Challenges we ran into:Really should have learned Git beforehand...Accomplishments that we're proud of:Making a rad-ass musical instrument.What we learned:Git.What's next for SynthCOW:World domination.Built Withjavaleap-motionmidi.jsTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    HackUMassWinner                Finalist                  Created by  Worked on the UI+UX and coded the front-end app in Java.Matt CooperI am an entrepreneur who loves coding, music and great design.Worked on the abstraction layer, converting raw location data from LeapMotion to low-level instructions for the MIDI.Mark BestavrosWorked on Midi Sequencers and Synthesizers to create soundscapes.Jon PatsenkerWorked on manipulating the Leap Motion API to fit our needs. Alex Karle 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 Connecting people in need with volunteers willing to help, with the ease of technology. 
 What makes New York City New York City is, street music/dance performances. There are numerous talented and free-spirited artists here and they don't have much communication means with their audience. We wanted to provide a platform for people who enjoy street arts and artists. How it worksWhen a user of the app sees a nice street performance, they can upload a real-time video that automatically includes the location and time. The videos can be shared with other people including tourists who want authentic street art experiences in New York City. If the dancer has a profile on the app, then you can directly make a payment to the performer. Also, you can donate to an artist after watching a video without having to be on-site of the performance. In addition, you can get future event schedules of the street dancer. If you're within 100 meters of the performance of interest, you will get a notification on your phone that you are nearby a cool performance. If you're close enough to the dancer, the app will show you how close you are to the performers with the bluetooth integration with Gimbal. Challenges I ran intoThe hardware limit was the biggest challenge in the process of development of this app. We wanted to give the user an exact number for how far is the performance, but the bluetooth integration had a limitation of detecting the distance. Accomplishments that I'm proud ofFirst of all, we incorporated 3 different apis: MasterCard api for the payment, Esri for map view and Gimbal for geo-location and geo-fencing. Out of all, our biggest accomplishment is the video view laid on top of the Esri map api in a bitmap drawable with real-time information.What I learnedThose who came here to make money will not get much out of the hackathon as opposed to those who came to make an app out of passion. What's next for The StreetsWe'd like to provide access to street performances with tourists as well as resident new yorkers. We hope to help underground artists have an opportunity to shine and make their name. Built Withandroid-studioesrigimbalmastercard      Submitted to    TechCrunch Disrupt NYC 2015Winner                Disrupt Tickets                  Created by  Came up with an idea, worked on the flow of the app and integrated MasterCard API and Gimbal API.Suhyun KimI am trained to be a chemist in school and self-taught developer. I can make tangible products (chem. solutions) and intangible ones (apps).Integrated Esri Maps, Video cropping and placing on map, encouragement/discouragement, some more stuffJesse AThrives in any situation  - no matter the odds.My contribution: All UI/UX design apart from the 'intro logo' and 'splash screen'.- Some flow items & logistics on providing an intuitive user experience.Fun Fact: I was awake for almost 72 hours by the end of TechCrunch! (arrived at TC with no sleep for 48 hours! - busy week!) - determination -Check.Jason A.Ghost.Logo, splash screen, title, ideas to spark up the app, and presentation.Rumate RaziFind your Creativity  
 Accusations and suspicions in regards to the integrity of elections have always been an issue, but in recent years, we have seen an increasing distrust in the voting process. Several controversies surrounded the recent midterm elections, from ballot harvesting and registration fraud to voter suppression. Online voting and decentralizing elections through blockchain technologies will not only boost voter participation, but also allow for greater transparency in the voting process. 
 Reduce The Clutter Of To-Dos In Your Camera RollHow it worksEventual.ly is an automated solution for users, extracting information from images.Take a picture of a poster and the event will be created on your calendar with the correct date and time.Challenges I ran intoIntegrating API for OCR was challenging along with comparing two results from two OCRs to improve accuracy. and using stanford webprotege online service for concept mapping using ontology network.What's next for Eventual.lySeamless sharing with friendsEvent managers can monitor poster exposuresDevelopers can create powerful connections with users via Eventual.ly e.g. link to ticket vendors on Songkick via Eventual.lyBuilt Withdropboxidol-ondemandprotegetesseractTry it outwww.slideshare.net      Submitted to    Hack The VisualWinner                Runner Up Prize                  Created by  Christie LauMSc Human Computer Interaction with Ergonomics at UCL; freelance photographer.Gustavo Soto MinoSandeep Georgehacker, thinker, data visualiserMiguel Aulet 
 We want people to have fun and learn new things. Games can help people learn and have fun! 
  
 We all like esports!It happens lots of time that broadcasters deliver e-sport events in multiple languages on different Twitch channels, and most of the time some minor languages aren't supported or supported unofficially ( using multi-twitch or re-streaming illegally). Our goal is to build a service who will help broadcasters to officially support more languages, casters to stream content directly on the main event's page easily, and viewers to enjoy each game in a new way. 
 Creating multiple subplots in matplotlib can be extremely tedious, since you have to specify the position for eachsubplot in the figure. For large numbers of subplots, this becomes painful and repetitive, so we decided that we would implement an API that would take care of the positioning and formatting for you. 
 Our inspiration for this open-source project is to develop a platform that developers can use to improve the safety of people all around the world. Specifically, Watchman will provide developers the tools necessary to create commercial and highly profitable applications that help deter theft and other crimes at various locations. 
 When I'm shopping, sometimes I know exactly what I want, and there are so many products out there that I am sure it exists somewhere. This inspired me to create a better way to search through existing products to find exactly what I wanted and get that satisfaction of receiving a custom-made item, without the time and cost of having something custom made. 
 Mental Health among young adults has become an important issue. Even though we know it is important to stay healthy mentally, it can sometimes be a challenge to really keep up with things like monitoring your moods, tracking your sleep, and remembering to take medications. On top of trying to manage these tasks, it can be difficult to discuss these issues with your doctor especially when you may have trouble focusing. TheraTracker makes these tasks easier to stay on top of and also easier to share with your doctor. Have you ever been asked "How has your sleep been?" or "How has your mood been?" and not really been able to answer with much detail? Let TheraTracker help by recording this information to later be shared with your doctor.   
 After listening to the different challenges, I was most moved by the things that differently challenged people have to go through in campus. So, I wanted to do something that can improve their independence. After a couple of hours of researching and looking through different papers, I finally found a challenging idea to create an augmented reality mobile application that would be used for indoor navigation. I spoke about the idea with the different mentors to see if it would be helpful and after confirming that this idea would be worth pursuing, I continued to design the system.  
 Following the recent election we made this fun website soundboard to relieve tensions and stress. 
 A community is a strong bond between a person and the people he is surrounded by. That is what we, the makers of TravelSafe, believe in. We have applied the same concept to our app and used the power of community to make commuting in the city safer. TravelSafe is a pocket sized solution that does exactly that. 
 Traditional programming languages are cumbersome, monotonous, and difficult to learn. The icecream language is different — allowing users to quickly and easily create working programs directly on their phone. 
 There exist no single conversational AI app that helps commuters to provide driver and transit operators ratings and earn rewards. Creating an app that helps commuter’s safety and driver service efficiency, first and last mile and everything in between. 
 We were inspired by the lack of usefulness of old objects that could still be used by others such as books and tools. We firmly believe in reusing old things and not letting them gather dust and buying used instead of new. Troc is all about making a city intelligent by reducing its ecological footprint and connecting people with similar interests. 
 Augmented reality glasses will have a huge impact on how we work. By wearing AR glasses we will no longer be limited to computer monitors, TV screens, expensive projectors etc.Attendees of a presentation should be able to watch the presentation screen even without physical presence. The HoloMeeting-Client will allow you to place a shared virtual presentation screen wherever you are to join the meeting even from a remote- or home-office. 
  
 Our inspiration for Easy Agile Roadmaps for JIRA was the surprising lack of a dedicated JIRA-based roadmap tool. Most solutions available today require you to leave JIRA to build your roadmap and don't treat JIRA as a first-class-citizen. Easy Agile Roadmaps allows you to schedule the Epics from your Agile board on a fast and easy-to-use roadmap. 
 Subways are where I do most of my thinking and where I plan my life. On one of my subway rides, while I was looking over the big group of people who were playing games on their phones, I came up with Choo Choo Choo. A game where it has a train that never goes out of gas and people who always needs to go somewhere.  How I built itI wrote the main code for the game in 2 days and it took me weeks to design the game. Challenges I ran intoSince this was the first game I made, I was new to a lot of things and I had to learn a lot in order to make this game.Accomplishments that I'm proud ofI made the game!What I learnedSwiftWhat's next for Choo Choo ChooI will add lives and more levels. Built WithswiftTry it outitunes.apple.com      Submitted to    Make School's Student App Competition 2017Winner                10 Upvote Prize                  Created by  Mahdia Daqiq 
 Astronauts probably don't make the best farmers 
  
 A few months ago I was welcomed with a new upstairs neighbor in my apartment complex. No big deal, right? Unfortunately for me, my new neighbor had a tendency to walk very loudly and adopted a dog shortly after moving in that insisted on barking for an hour every morning at 5am. As someone who really enjoys a solid night of sleep and thinks of mornings as the bane of existence, you can probably imagine my daily frustration. After a couple weeks of unsuccessfully trying to let my body adapt to the noise, I decided it was time to put my Echo Dot on my bedside to good use... 
 When was the last time you checked your voicemail? It’s been awhile huh? Well, you are not alone. A recent survey by eVoice, a provider of virtual phone services, found that only 33 percent of people listen to voice mail from business contacts. Only 18 percent listen to voicemails from numbers they don't know. Yet, sometimes voicemails can be very important. For diabetics, it is crucial for them to be informed when their insulin prescriptions are refilled and ready for pickup. People are so busy now a days that they often miss the calls and unknowingly ignore their voicemails from their doctors, dentists, and pharmacies. Woxi allows our users to rest assured as their voicemails are no longer neglected.  
 Have trouble finding Bamboo in all your Chrome tabs? Have trouble finding the right builds for your project in Bamboo? Want to display build statuses to a non-Bamboo user? 
  
  
 Have you ever wondered where you could find that new colleague at the office but you didn't know where he is? Or did you need to pass some documents to multiple employees spread across multiple floors or even buildings but didn't know how to find them faster and finish this task quicker? This is how our app was born! Plus the need to be better organized and more efficient in a fast growing company is something that motivated us. 
 Household plants have been linked to a number of health benefits, but can also be a cause of stress if you struggle to keep them alive.  Plants can't verbally communicate to tell you when they need water, so it can be easy to over-water them... or completely forget about them until it's too late.  And what about when you go on vacation?  Or that office plant that nobody claims responsibility for that gets watered five times in one week and then left for months without attention... 
 Pepper is a great robot possibly capable of such things that we can't even imagine. But he still has some problems with learning it. It can do pre-defined things like showing an elephant or tracking something, but we want to make him more impressive.So we decided to add a bit of knowledge to his brain - knowledge about how to repeat after a human. 
 Unity's example shooter game Objective:Capture all 5 bunnies (spheres) before losing you 10 lives.Avoid cube-eating capsules by staying out of their rangeInstructions:Use the arrow keys to moveHow we built itWe used our little knowledge of UnityChallenges we ran intoLack of experience with Unity and game development Accomplishments that we're proud ofBeing able to program the enemies and bunnies.What we learnedThe basics of Unity and C#What's next for Food ChainButtons and a more clean look with actual character designs instead of just shapesBuilt Withunity      Submitted to    Hack@WPI 2018    Created by  Alejandra GarzaVictoria Thornton 
 I know lots of programming languages but in fact, I have never talked to a computer. We call them language, but they have never been a way to have conversation with a computer. Wouldn't it be more cool if, as in any other language in the world, we could have a speaking conversation with a computer using a programming language that we both know?  
 In the mobile first, cloud first world, users often use mobile phone with small window size. In the past era users always use PC with big screen and could easily superimpose calendar and arrange meeting. But now we don't have big screen and can't do so. In this situation Bot is great interface between users and Cloud. Users can communicate with bot simply in the phone and bot will fetch/post data through API with cloud! I believe it is wonderful matchmaking and will help users in many scenarios. 
 We think SonarQube is an awesome platform to manage code quality. We already built an integration of SonarQube for Bitbucket Server and thought that such an integration would also be a great addition for Bitbucket cloud. We think that code quality metrics need to be a first class citizen of your repository so we put them on the repository overview page. 
 Atlassian products are used everywhere on the planet. From small businesses to large organizations, almost everyone, including Jessica Alba, has put in a Jira ticket or edited a Confluence page at least once.The cornerstone of identity management in the Atlassian ecosystem is called Atlassian Crowd. Crowd has two main features: first it acts as a virtual directory for Atlassian server products (e.g. Jira, Confluence, HipChat Server, Bamboo, Bitbucket, FishEye/Crucible), secondly it provides Single Sign-On between the applications of the Atlassian stack.In the on-premise era, organizations used to connect Crowd to their internal LDAP or Active Directory. Now we are in the cloud era, more and more organizations move their Atlassian server products to services like AWS, Microsoft Azure or Rackspace, which usually cannot connect to their on-premise Active Directory. In the meantime, those organizations often migrate their on-premise Exchange/Sharepoint services to Office 365.Thus, ODCC aims at connecting Atlassian applications hosted in Cloud environments to Microsoft cloud-based identity service. 
  
 Coffee tables are useful for putting coffee, food, or perhaps way too much junk on, but it’s 2017—we can do better than that 
 Our inspiration is my brother who is a big fan of Apple products and who wanted to watch Apple Keynote Livestreams badly but couldn't understand a thing because of his poor English skills. My brother and our family members who are non-native English speakers, people who are hearing impaired and differently abled face this problem day-in and day-out when they try to consume content whose audio doesn't make much sense for them. 
 As Atlassian Experts, we have encountered again and again the pain of a missing feature in Jira system planning.The requirements and needs for this addon were collected from customers who we had implemented Jira solution for, and were missing better planning capabilities right from the backlog screen.Sprint Capacity Planning & Tracking is the addon we built to overcome that situation. 
 وَمَنْ أَحْيَاهَا فَكَأَنَّمَا أَحْيَا النَّاسَ جَمِيعاً"And whoever saves one; it is as if he had saved mankind entirely", Quran, Surat Al-Mā'idah, verse 32من كان في حاجة أخيه كان الله في حاجتهIf anyone fulfills others' needs, Allah will fulfill his needs Prophet Mohammed PBUHAt first, we thought an app that saves lives is the noblest. We knew we can contribute in saving lives by ensuring the fastest response of medical staff and volunteers (certified CPR/first aid volunteers)  to reach people in need. However, we soon realized that almost all of the Hajj technical problems can be solved by exploiting the shared problematic factor: data, that is associated with both space, and time: SpatioTemporal data.Initially, the team thinking was about tackling one domain, however, we questioned what if our customers are developers, architects targeting Hajj applications? Why not establish HajjTech solutions similar to what is happening with FinTech? What problems would Hajj technical solution providers face? and how can we streamline developers to provide Hajj/pilgrimage related services and technologies? Moreover, what if we provide a platform for all developers and architects to streamline the development process, and finally what if we enable them to be builders and architects?To demonstrate such a platform, we chose the medical use case "Alert, that is alert nearby help via targeted broadcasts", a PoC with the most impact. Saving lives by helping medical staff, especially for cardiac-arrest cases where response time is crucial. This will complement the official efforts by utilizing volunteers and spatiotemporal data in a sustainable way to reach persons in need within a target of 3 minutes.In addition, as a side effect of deploying such apps in the field, it will enable the collection of actionable data that can help in improving the notification and real-time tracking of app subjects (e.g. ambulances, scouts, volunteer doctors/nurses, certified CPR personnel). 
  
  
 We wanted to allow users an easy, efficient, and quick way to reach out to a friend in an emergency situation. 
 Have you got issues deciding who is going to do the next nasty task on your team ?. 
  
 No one really wants to grow old as old age presents you with numerous miserable conditions.Emma’s mom, Mrs. Deborah Smith, has been living with diabetes for the best part of 15 years now. Emma is a working professional and she travels a lot.  She barely gets to meet her mom these days due to her busy work schedule, but she somehow stays in touch with her and struggles to keep tabs on her mom’s health condition. She turned to an in-home care facility for assistance who provide caregivers for people like Deborah. Now, Kathy Coleman, Deborah’s caregiver visits Deborah at least 3 times a week as she needs constant assistance with her medical care. Unfortunately, Kathy is having to move around quite a lot as she needs to take care of other residents who are scattered in different locales. And she often misses her scheduled appointments with the residents; as a result, the quality of care suffers. 
  
 Electronic health records are an integral part of a proper healthcare delivery model. In order to properly treat patients, doctors need to know patient's drug history, family medical history, allergies, diseases, symptoms, complication, and etc. These are just some of the many things you would find in a EHR that could potentially save your life. Contemporary EHR solutions rely on a internet connection, which is easy enough in areas with access to the internet. As of 2012 (most recent statistic we found), only one third of people have internet access, while nearly two thirds have SMS coverage. Cellular coverage is much more ubiquitous than internet coverage, so we created a way to transmit medical data in a compressed and heavily encrypted way, over SMS. This way, EHR can be available to significantly more people world wide.  
 Our team background is native mobile development, So we love awesome design and the best UX in the mobile applications. We were disappointed how the blockchains mobile wallets were looks likes, the kind of private keys management was organized.Finally we decided to create multi cryptocurrencies mobile open-source wallet with the best UX/UI and as almost secure as a cold one. 
  
 I wanted to use UIPath to create a mail merge with customized attachments, but I had some shortcomings when I wanted to change the number of attachments dynamically as well if I wanted to send from a shared mailbox.Once this was built a new Idea came along to make an outlook activity to follow up if mails are replied yet. This can be used by a lot of support and help desk departments. 
  
 While testing cool new Ethereum dapps with minimal funds, we realised, we don't actually remember where we used them and where we might still have some funds associated with our addresses. WIMM use casesFor liquid tokens (immediately spendable)-ERC20 contracts (classic use case)-Decentralized exchanges (deposited)-Funding market maker (e.g. uniswap)For illiquid/locked tokensToken locking for community tokens (e.g. GNO to obtain OWL)Bounty networksAuction processes (ENS / DutchX)Escrow servicesDEFI (decentralized lending, decentralized debt positions)Pre-scheduled / committed fundsState channelsVested employee token plansDAO experiments (locking tokens for voting powers)-Funding Prediction Market marketmakerWIMM featuresFor ERC20 tokensView by various address (EOA, smart contract address, ENS name) (for any user)Add new snippets (Dapps) (for technical user)Upvote / downvote snippets (Dapps)Claim liquid tokens (e.g. releases of token locks etc.)View pages of illiquid tokensWIMM value propositionPermissionlessCommunity to be active which derives scalable (not dependent on centralized entity adding/whitelisting/accepting individual smart contracts)Release storage by users claiming amountsMissing piece of infrastructureWIMM to improve usability and help adoptionPaying attention to smaller amounts!Problem magnifies with upgradable smart contracts and updates to graphical user interfaces (tracks balances of "outdated" contracts)What's next? // add featuresNotifications when amounts become newly claimable (change from illiquid to liquid)Adding further token standardsFeature to approve tokens to smart contract addresses and remove approval (important due to possible malicious smart contract upgrades)Adding Etherscan links to contractsEvolve into a smart contract standard via ERCIntegration into walletsBuilt WithjavascriptTry it outwhere-are-my-tokens.herokuapp.comgithub.com      Submitted to    EDCON HACK    Created by  1/3chris1/3Felix Leupold1/3Tobias Schubotz 
  
 What if you didn't have to print out some Office documents? What if you could digitally leave Office documents in real life - and others can scan to find it too? What if your office documents could be displayed as holograms in augmented reality? Welcome to HoloDrive - available now for your iPhone or Android device!   
  
 Most of us have stickers on their laptop. And who does not think they have the coolest. Well, know you can find out if you are right with the use of our app. 
 We just saved the Internet1 out of 3 boys of the age of 13 has been exposed to internet porn. Most of them, by accident. By the time they reach that age, they may not have held someone's hand.Kids should not be exposed to Sex, Violence, Verbal Abuse and Death like an adult is. There is a large difference for a child to see Porn for the first time than for an adult. Educating the youth on those subject takes time but we can help the development by leveraging AI. Delaying the exposition to some sexual and gore content will give more time and resources to the mentors to teach kids about those tough subjects. 
  
 Wouldn't it be handy to be able talk directly with teammates in the Confluence editor to make decisions quickly?When Atlassian introduced the collaborative editing feature in Confluence, it unlocked a lot of possibilities. Finally everyone could work on the same page at the same time, and actually see what others were contributing as they did it.However, when you're not in the same room as your collaborators, sometimes it can feel more like an editing battle instead of collaboration.Maybe you've been in this situation: you're editing a page together with colleagues working from other locations. While they are adding content you notice they're using incorrect or outdated information. You want to help them out before they go further, but all you can do is write your message somewhere on the page, hoping the other person will see it.If they have external chat programs silenced, it can be tough to reach out in these scenarios. What is missing is to have the ability for an instant live conversation with your collaborators right inside the Confluence editor.That's why we developed Conversations Video Chat for Confluence. 
 What if the Big Bad Wolf didn’t eat Grandma? Ever wished your favorite fairy tale ended differently?Our inspiration were Choose Your Own Adventure Books or Pick-a-path series. We love those stories and always wanted to move them into digital world - adding professional voice acting, music and sound effects.We’ve been blown away by the feedback from children and parents playing our story.Dr Jannie van Hees from the New Zealand Council for Educational Research calls the Red Riding Hood - Interactive Story “an admirable concept”. “Children love Red Riding Hood because it allows them to create their own versions of the story and bring their favorite characters to life. Twisted Tales teaches children listening skills, as well as risk management and decision-making. 
  
  
 It’s estimated that by 2020 there will be 1 million unfilled computer science jobs than qualified applicants. This inspired me to build a prototype game about coding that teaches computer science fundamentals in virtual reality and in 3D through the browser. I hope this project will help to inspire, attract and empower the next generation of computer programmers. 
 Kyber Network is decentralized autonomous smart contract based exchange. TokenSets is decentralized autonomous token aggregation tool. Why not make them friends? 
 Every communities has experts and people who want to learn code or improve their skills but they can't always can be in the same place, at the same time or dont have posibilities to pay for formal education, so we developed LiveCoding Circles as a tool to bring knowledge to people, building learning groups (circles) from different regions, places or realities expanding the reach of the developer circles.Today, the technology enable to many people to overcome economic difficulties, empowering them professionally, thanks to the internet and democratization of knowledge  today is posible escape from a local reality into a new world of opportunitiesProgramming skill provides us not only a technical tool but also it allowing us to integrate with the emerging technologies and move from being simple users to creators of solutions  
 Have you ever run into such a situation: you are holding a food-container, standing in front of 4 trash cans that each has a different category labeled on it. You really hope to throw your stuff into the right bin so that you could do a better job in protecting our mother earth, but you are not well aware of or just simply confused about which bin should your item go into. If that sounds like you, you are not alone. Many people struggle with sorting trash in daily life, and there could be simple ways to help them build up the knowledge that will yield great benefits in the long run. Based on this idea, our app aims to provide users this easy tool that they can use to learn and make the right decisions on what kind of garbage are they tossing in a convenient, educational, and fun way.  
 We would like to use technology to support refugees by providing valuable information they need, when and where they need it during their entry, journey and stay in Europe. We leverage the fact that over 90% of the refugees have or have access to a smartphone. 
 While researching datasets, we noticed a particularly interesting one on flood data. We noticed there were many floods in the United States but relatively few deaths from them. In contrast, we noticed in many Southeast Asian countries that there were about the same number of floods but a much higher number of deaths and displacements. Through more thorough research, we found that a big reason why is because of the lack of accessible warning systems. Existing flood detectors are large; they incorporate a myriad of moving parts and cost in the range of tens of thousands of dollars. Also, we named it because of our obsession with owo and uwu. 
 Education and inclusion 
 How much time does it take to recharge/ top-up your mobile? Let’s say, 5 minutes. This seems like a short time but, imagine spending 5 minutes while you are busy at work or during a vacation. Many a times, your family members might ask you to recharge their mobile phones, especially those who are not very comfortable using gadgets. Amidst your busy schedule, there are high chances of you forgetting and they might end up in trouble.The FamBillBot in action[Overall architecture 
  
  
  
  
 Millions of people across the world suffer from various mobility impairments caused by Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS), brainstem stroke, brain or spinal cord injury, cerebral palsy, muscular dystrophies, multiple sclerosis, and many other diseases. A large portion of these people heavily rely upon wheelchairs to get on with their day to day activities. These people are dependent on others in order to move A large number of patients are not prescribed wheelchairs at all, either because they find it physically difficult to control the manual wheelchair. In our work with Brain Controlled Wheelchairs, we target a population who are—or will become—unable to use conventional interfaces, due to severe motor–disabilities. 
  
 High cost of blood-sugar tests, combined with the incredible importance of monitoring as part of managing diabetes means that low-income-individuals are unable to manage the disease. Over 80% of diabetics live in low-income cities, and there are over 75 million urban slum dwellers suffering from the disease (without the ability to buy the monitoring tools required). 
  
  
  
 Remembering passwords is a hassle, but using a master password is even more cumbersome. Somebody gets access to that, and you’re screwed. Why not use something that only you have access to: your voice? Using Knurld’s revolutionary voice-authentication API, we help users manage their online passwords via a simple yet secure chrome extension. Say hello to the next level of security! 
 There is a person at our school who is unfortunately visually impaired. Usually, a person with a visual impairment would have to rely on either his own senses with a walking stick, the guidance of another individual, or the senses and guidance of a guide dog. This person in particular is allergic to dogs, so he usually has to navigate his way throughout the day with the aid of a friend or on his own with his walking stick. While brainstorming an idea, we were immediately drawn to the plight of this individual, and we decided to create something that would not only help change that particular instance of a struggling individual, but we sought to create a product that can be easily made into a small business that could be easily reproduce the product on a global scale, and completely revolutionize a rather currently cumbersome field. 
  
 Inspired by videos like this about machine learning, and our fascination with how animals know how to move.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pgaEE27nsQwWhat is it?We created a physically simulated quadruped that uses machine learning to move in a 3d environment. The quadruped, which is modeled after a canine, uses a custom genetic algorithm to learn to walk. We simulated their muscles and evaluated the dogs using a fitness formula, which determines the best dogs that should start the next generation. Each dog's purpose in life (as evaluated by the fitness score) is to walk as far as possible, with bonus points for standing up and keeping their head up high.The dogs have instincts, which are rules to speed up the evolutionary process. Their primary instinct is to move the limbs in a random sinusoid pattern, not completely sporadically. They also have an optional instinct to move left and right muscles in sync. The physicality of the dogs includes many physics based bones and joints, which are stimulated by the dog’s brain to move randomly. No premade animations were used and all walking patterns are emergent.Use-casesThere are many possible future directions to explore with machine learning. These techniques can be used to make learning robots, optimize processes, and improve self driving vehicles.Future ideasIf this project were continued, we would like to have our creatures learn to respond to variables such as seeking out food sources, avoiding obstacles, or adapting to changes in the simulated physical environment. We also had more animals planned than we had time to model but the code works for any animal, even a human or a fish. In the future, we would like to explore different gaits such as trotting or running. Motions such as sitting, standing up, and jumping may require more thorough biomechanical modeling. In the future, our models might have a flexible spine, muscles, and tendons in order to produce more lifelike simulations. Built Withc#machine-learningunity      Submitted to    HackISU    Created by  Rob QuinnNora FrentressPeri SturmJake Koll 
  
  
 We were frustrated with downloading the Hack Western Android app every time it updates. We figured it would be nice if there has an open-source library so that developer can change content in real-time; therefore, users don't have to re-download the app everytime it updates.  
 Carpal Tunnel Syndrome affects 5 percent of the working population, about 8,000,000 people, in the United States and results in the most days lost in the American workplace. Accordingly, one of the most frequent surgical treatments is carpal tunnel release (260,000 surgeries per year). And although symptoms may be relieved, most patients are told to partake in physical therapy to recover full wrist function. Unfortunately, therapy can be inconvenient and expensive. Patients may begin to skip sessions regardless of the importance therapy has to full muscle recovery. 
 People spend a lot of money on mobile data that never gets put to use. Annually, a staggering $37 billion worth of mobile data gets wasted by Americans. What if you could somehow stop this wastage by renting out your unused data to others around you? Our aim is to provide this service. 
 The TV Quiz 'De slimste mens ter wereld' 
  
 We wanted to visualize what is happening in the world in a single place rather than searching for various resources. So we came up with this concept of displaying news in the world map. 
 Wireless amp systems are really cool and convenient, but they're also crazy expensive. I thought I'd really like one but there was no way I could afford a professional one, so what other option did I have but to make my own?! After recently seeing a talk about the Web Audio API at a conference, I really wanted to try it out, so I thought I would! 
 In a city with 180km of traffic jams, the only way to eliminate traffic is to get cars off the road. Roll Together combines current driving data with a crowdfunding platform to allow citizens to directly support new Sao Paulo metro lines covering their commute. 
 We use multiple cloud providers, where machines are scattered across many data centers and regions. We were looking for a way to ask simple questions about our cloud machines. 
  
 Mobile based On Demand TaxiCabs are disrupting the transportation landscape and yet causing grief in the form or expensive "surge" pricing. The goal of this project was to create a more Egalitarian ecosystem that recognizes the rights of TaxiCab Drivers to a just wage; the rights of consumers to fair and transparent pricing and last but not the least provide a way for Car Manufactures like Ford to participate and thrive in a period of stagnating auto sales. 
 Many people know the saying that knowledge is power, and the key access to knowledge is through books. However, there are 285 million visually impaired people around the world, with 130,000 visually impaired people in the U.S. alone. Many visually impaired have to read through Braille texts or listen to audio files, and unfortunately less than 1% of all books are in Braille and less than 30% of all books have an audio version. In addition, Braille displays and embossers cost thousands of dollars, making them inaccessible to many of the visually impaired people living in developing countries. The mission of Tactile is to empower the visually impaired through education equality by enabling them to have the opportunity to access all printed texts. 
  
 There are way too many simplistic filters in today's society so we challenged ourselves to create a lightweight platform for transferring styles of paintings into any image. 
  
 I wanted a really quick and easy way to stay up to date with new releases of the Meteor packages that my apps depend on. 
  
 With more than two dozen PRIs providing voice connectivity to contact centers and branch stores, we had no way of knowing when we needed more voice capacity to support an increase of inbound call volume.  The manual way of querying voice gateways was not satisfactory.  We also needed a way to automatically change call routing based on business conditions and to roll back to our normal call routing when appropriateHow it worksWe ingest Cisco Voice gateway data into Splunk Cloud in near real time and monitor for PRI channel utilization using Splunk queries and macros.   Alerts tell us when we are in warning or critical states and a custom Python script using the Splunk API and the Cisco AXL API allows us to change call routing on the fly.Challenges I ran intoNo one had ever done anything like this and no one knew specifically how to get the data out of the voice gateways.  Cisco produces multiple event records per channel connection so we have to develop a primary key which allowed us to count distinct channels in use.    There is poor documentation re: Python and the Cisco AXL API which caused development delays.   We had only been a splunk customer for approximately 3 months before I started this project so there was a lot to learn.Accomplishments that I'm proud ofDoing something that's never done before.  Several Cisco experts told me what I wanted to do wasn't possible.  Splunk helped me prove them wrong.  Innovation is a AAA core belief and Splunk enabled me to be innovative in a way I couldn't image.What I learnedLearning Splunk - how to use the query language and how to leverage the Splunk community to solve problemsLearning the Splunk APILearning PythonLearning the Cisco AXM APIWhat's next for PRI CapacityBetter integration with Cisco AXL API to automate advanced call routingCreating PRI Trunk groups in SplunkAdding support for non PRI voice service (SIP and POTS) Built Withciscopandaspythonsplunksuds-jurko      Submitted to    Splunk Apptitude App ChallengeWinner                Innovation - First Prize                  Created by  Frank DArrigo 
  
  
  
 Projecting n-dimensional shapes, and snake 
 Slush, conference meetings, always forgetting people you've just met. Running out of / losing business cards. 
 Learning natural way as we write in a slate has always fascinated me hence the source of inspiration 
  
  
  
 Point It books from the 90's which were used for travellers from Germany. We felt that this same concept could be applied to refugees and asylum seekers, and that it could be extended into learning a language. Direct feedback from someone who has experienced settling in Australia as a refugee and the challenges that entails. This further cemented the utility of the app and guided the focus. 
 Ideas for interactions from:http://paperprograms.org/http://dynamicland.org/but I wanted to go from the existing computer down, rather from the bottom up, and make something that was a twist on the existing desktop: Web browser, Terminal, chat apps, keyboard, windows. 
  
 Our group was inspired to create FairShare in order to solve a challenge commonly faced by groups, the issue of bill splitting. With FairShare, users will be able to split their bills into just 3 easy steps:Scan receiptIndicate preferred splitting options (Equally or assign dishes individually)Pay via PayLah! to the friend you owe. FairShare aims to solve familiar questions such as “What was the total cost of my meal including GST and service charge?” or “Hey, did I pay you for the drinks last night?” It provides clarity by doing all the accounting from calculation to bill splitting to the tracking of payments. The best part of our app is that it will remind users to make payment if it has not been done yet.Keep calm, and go dutch. Team Name: Song Jiayi (697)Gauri Joshi (699)Quek Yong Jian (771)Built WithapacheTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    Hack&Roll 2019Winner                Top 8                  Created by  Jenny SongkyuyjayKa-Shing Ong 
 The horrendous treatments toward migrant labor worker 
  
  
 You're walking down the road, and see a belle rocking an exquisite one-piece. "Damn, that would look good on me (or my wife)".You go home and try to look for it: "beautiful red dress". Google gives you 110,000,000 results in 0.54 seconds. Well that helped a lot. You think of checking the fashion websites, but the number of these e-commerce websites makes you refrain from spending more than a few hours. "This is impossible...". You perseverance only lasts so long - you give up. Fast forward to 2017. We've got everything from Neural Forests to Adversarial Networks. You go home to look for it: Launch Dream.itYou make a chicken-sketch of the dress - you just need to get the curves right. You select the pattern on the dress, a couple of estimates about the dress. Dream.it synthesizes elegant dresses based on your sketch. It then gives you search results from different stores based on similar dresses, and an option to get on custom made. You love the internet. You love Dream.it. Its a wonderful place to make your life wonderful.Sketch and search for anything and everything from shoes and bracelets to dresses and jeans: all at your slightest whim. Dream.it lets you buy existing products or get a new one custom-made to fit you.How we built itWhat the user seesDream.it uses a website as the basic entry point into the service, which is run on a linode server. It has a chatbot interface, through which users can initially input the kind of garment they are looking for with a few details. The service gives the user examples of possible products using the Bing Search API. The voice recognition for the chatbot is created using the Bing Speech to Text API. This is classified using a multiclassifier from IBM Watson Natural Language Classifier trained on custom labelled data into the clothing / accessory category. It then opens a custom drawing board for you to sketch the contours of your clothing apparel / accessories / footwear and add color to it. Once the sketch is finalized, the image is converted to more detailed higher resolution image using Pixel Recursive Super Resolution.We then use Google's Label Detection Vision ML and IBM Watson's Vision APIs to generate the most relevant tags for the final synthesized design which give additional textual details for the synthesized design.The tags, in addition to the image itself are used to scour the web for similar dresses available for purchase Behind the scenesWe used a Deep Convolutional Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) which runs using Theano and cuDNN on CUDA. This is connected to our web service through websockets. The brush strokes from the drawing pad on the website get sent to the GAN algorithm, which sends back the synthesized fashion design to match the user's sketch. Challenges we ran intoPiping all the APIs together to create a seamless user experience. It took a long time to optimize the data (mpeg1) we were sending over the websocket to prevent lags and bugs. Running the Machine learning algorithm asynchronously on the GPU using CUDA. Generating a high-quality image of the synthesized design.Customizing Fabric.js to send data appropriately formatted to be processed by the machine learning algorithm.Accomplishments that we're proud ofWe reverse engineered the Bing real-time Speech Recognition API to create a Node.js library. We also added support for partial audio frame streaming for voice recognition.We applied transfer learning from Deep Convolutional Generative Adversarial Networks and implemented constraints on its gradients and weights to customize user inputs for synthesis of fashion designs.Creating a Python-Node.js stack which works asynchronously with our machine learning pipelineWhat we learnedThis was a multi-faceted educational experience for all of us in different ways. Overall: We learnt to asynchronously run machine learning algorithms without threading issues.Setting up API calls and other infrastructure for the app to run on.Using the IBM Watson APIs for speech recognition and label detection for images.Setting up a website domain, web server, hosting a website, deploying code to a server, connecting using web-sockets.Using pip, npm; Using Node.js for development; Customizing fabric.js to send us custom data for image generation. Explored machine learning tools learnt how to utlize them most efficiently.Setting up CUDA, cuDNN, and Theano on an Ubuntu platform to use with ML algorithm.What's next for Dream.itDream.it currently is capable of generating shoes, shirts, pants, and handbags from user sketches. We'd like to expand our training set of images and language processing to support a greater variety of clothing, materials, and other accessories. We'd like to switch to a server with GPU support to run the cuDNN-based algorithm on CUDA. The next developmental step for Dream.it is to connect it to a 3D fabric printer which can print the designs instantly without needing the design to be sent to manufacturers. This can be supported at particular facilities in different parts of the country to enable us to be in control of the entire process. Built Withbing-image-searchbing-search-apibing-speechbing-visioncss3cudacudnnfabric.jsflaskgenerative-adverserial-networkshtml5ibm-watsonlinodemicrosoft-cognitive-servicesnode.jsnumpypixel-recursive-super-recursionpythonsasssocket.iosuper-resolution-pixel-subnetstheanovue.jsweb-rtcTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    TreeHacks 2017Winner                Best Use of IBM Watson IoT Platform on Bluemix              Winner                Best Overall Integration and Use of Microsoft Technology(s)                  Created by  I worked on training the generative adversarial networks, single-image super-resolution image network, implementing a partial audio frame streamer for Microsoft's speech recognition, and creating a low-latency streaming system for visualizing the outputs of the entire system.Kenta IwasakiUndergraduate software engineer, data scientist, sound engineer and entrepreneur advocating for practical applications of computer science.Tanay KothariI love to build things that haven't been built yet - from Moto mods to mobile applications and machine learning products!Sagnik MajumderLeanne DsouzaHackathon Enthusiast 
 When I first observed how people interact with Alexa, I noticed most of the adult interactions are either voice commands ("add milk") or questions/answers ("What's the weather?"). Kids interact with Alexa magically. They treat her as a real person captivated in a small box and love to chat with her like a friend.Once realizing that, my motivation for this contest was to create a social interaction between Alexa and a group of kids. Usually Alexa dominates the interaction and the kids respond; My approach was reverse - I wanted the kids to be able to initiate their own story and talk about what troubles them, and have Alexa be an active participant that listens and responds to them. I decided to address one of the most agonizing parts of family life - kids fighting - and created Judge Lexy which is an objective, quirky judge that helps kids settle their battles. Welcome to Kids Court. 
 We were inspired by our love for automating things together with our passion and curiosity for security. 
 When we were eating at a restaurant, brainstorming for ideas, we realized we needed to split the bill.  This came out to be a tedious task because a few of our members ordered way more than they needed to.  This lead to the idea that it would be great if one person could pay and also delegate who needs to be charged for what.  Enter Split.How it worksAfter the restaurant sends the check, all the users open the app on their phones.  The person who will pay for meal will choose from a drop down of people he's eating with (using geofencing and the Venmo API) and take a picture of the receipt.  This will then allow the user to make rectangles around each item on the receipt and then swiped over in the direction of the person to be charged for that item.  After all of the items have been dispersed, the total charges are parsed from the receipt and posted as a charge to each Venmo account.  The person to pay for the meal is given the money on Venmo and makes the payment for the meal.  Challenges we ran intoOutlook API was the hardest thing to decipher.  Otherwise, finding the right libraries for each task revolving around flicking, finding nearby friends, etc. were difficult as well.What's next for SplitAutomated image recognition, and finding the people near you without even telling the app through an API.Built Withandroidangular.jsatlantic.netcircleciesriioniciosjquerymastercardnexmonode.jstesseractvenmoTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    TechCrunch Disrupt NYC 2015Winner                MasterCard              Winner                CircleCI              Winner                Disrupt Tickets                  Created by  Joseph SongTimotius SitorusJustin WooDemian BorbaCassidy WilliamsSoftware engineer & developer evangelist at Clarifai 
 Growing up, I tried to understand the whole electoral process in Nigeria. Why do people always have to be home all through the election process? Why do people have to gather in one building that can't house so many people yet they'd still somehow fit in and make sure they vote. Some others get tired and bail out on the whole thing. The whole process can psychologically and physically drain a person honestly.Asides the stress and time wasting, there is so much monetary budget going into electoral processes. Recently, there were talks of allocating over a hundred billion naira just for the upcoming elections so as to provide ballot boxes and some other miscellaneous. So, when the hackathon process started, coming up with a solution that could positively impact my nation was not really difficult.Basically, all the expenses, the violence, the stress, the election rigging, the apathy exhibited by the citizens can be cut off to a maximum extent if the nation can introduce an online election system for her citizens. 
  
 Not taking medications properly leads to unnecessary hospital admissions, illness, and even deaths. It also costs the health care system billions of dollars every year, in costs both direct (for example: hospitalisations) and indirect (for example: lost productivity). For example, about 5% of hospital admissions result directly from not taking medications as recommended.Also overdose of medications (both intentional and unintentional) causes around 190,000 deaths per million people worldwide. Most affected people of unintentional medical over dosage or under dosage are people who have -Parkinson's diseaseDementiaPeople too busy with their day to day schedule.New momsAnxietyAlso this can be used by in home nurses and the family members of the above mentioned groups to keep a check on the intake of the medicines.  
 Emotions are powerful, and we wanted to see if we can harness the power of emotions to generate music. 
 What starts with weakness in limbs soon progresses to muscle degeneration, which can rob a person’s ability to walk or use one’s arms. As of 2015, this is the harsh life of over 200,000 ALS patients. Similar conditions affect the day to day functioning of numerous physically disabled people around the world. We wished to try and lessen their difficulties. The first idea we thought of was to make their web experience  as seamless as possible. Since the nerve degeneration starts from below the neck, we thought of using Computer Vision to allow users to navigate websites completely hands-free using just their facial movements as captured by their webcams. 
  
 We are all avid viewers of gaming streaming as gaming streaming has been around in Korea for over 15 years. The viewer engagement with the streamer in Korea has evolved to the viewers sending Streamers missions. This is not only a way to further interact with streamer, but gives viewers a sense of co-creator with the streamer. So viewers were sending missions like a $1 per kill to the streamer via donations. And then other viewers would jump in on the pot saying they will add $3 per kill, and so on, and the streamer would accept the mission and put up notepad on OBS overlay and manually count their kills. Viewers who joined mid stream would not know what was going on. So we wanted to make an extension that not only helps organize this more visually. But also like kickstarter, be a place where viewers can see other missions and join in easily. And a lot of times streamers would be getting really cool funky content ideas from their viewers for this mission and helps them build up their content. 
 Ever wanted to see the world?  On a budget?  Don't wanna go to basic touristy places?  Xplore the world through the people that know it best! 
  
 Nowadays office buildings, warehouses, stadiums become bigger and more complex. Quite a few people find it confusing to easily navigate through this constructions.One of many questions which Google asks its interns on interview is "How to go from point A to point B if you don't know the way?" Many interviewees answer "I will call a taxi". But what if both of those points are inside the same building? Navicce will easily solve this problem for you.Just imagine – you have important meeting in office center, which consists of 6 buildings, each having 80 floors and over 60 offices on each floor. The only thing you know about your suggested destination is that you need to be in conference room 6 in office of company A. With Navicce all you have to do is to type this into the search field and find gyroscooter which will be provided for you. The system will take you right to the doors of mentioned office. While Navicce does all the job of navigating and transporting for you, you can even read news or get ready for the meeting. 
 We wanted to develop something using sentiment analysis.  
  
 Do you find yourself copying and pasting message contents over and over as you deal with your e-mail inbox? You have some standard replies, but you're not a marketing robot. You need to look at each one and respond individually, but you could do with a little help... 
 Mike Wenger discovered several years ago that he has a benign brain tumor. He was interested in participating in a clinical trial, but had a difficult time getting started in his search and ended up giving up. A few years later, he connected with the National Brain Tumor Society and Clinical Trial Finder was born. We are hopeful that the tool can help Mike and others get more involved in medical research to find treatment and solutions that work for them.The Larger IssueClinical Trials are critical in bringing cures and therapies from the lab to the drug shelf. However, due to limited awareness of the trials, 1/3 fail to ever recruit a single participant and the remaining 85% finish late. From 2006-2010, this has wasted $2 billion which could have been used towards the next wave of life-saving treatments. 
 Wanted to make information about their schedule and diet easily accessible. 
 I wanted to show that this is possible and practical. 
 LeARn was conceived around a simple notion: what if we could use Google Cardboards to create a cheap, dynamic, and useful educational tool? Any student that ever attended a primary or secondary school will know how intensely boring a chemistry or anatomy lecture can be. As we dozed off in these very same classes in high school, our experience sowed the seeds for what would become LeARn. This app has the potential to disrupt the way students view lectures, literally. 
 Every time I ask someone, "Where do you wanna eat?", I get responses such as "whatever" or "you pick". Since I get these ambiguous responses, I decided to solve my problem as well as many other people's problems. 
 I was inspired by the lack of mathematics-based games that were fun. Before developing this game, I'd browsed the App Store for educational games that weren't only adding and multiplying problems with a fancy GUI, but games that could engage an audience.  
 Enjoyable VR Immersive experience. Travelling to the Medieval time for adventures.The city is under attack, your commander send you in a very important mission to deliver a message to the King asking for enforcement ASAP before the city fall in the hand of the enemy. When you are leaving the city an enemy knight spotted you. He is trying to catch you and get the message. 
 Two surgeons performing the same operation at a given hospital will most certainly have individual preferences that differ based on technical operative steps, instruments, equipment and medications required for the case. If surgical staffing and human resource constraints were smaller and less complex, consistent teams could be formed, and any problems arising from this variability would be alleviated via team experience and subsequent familiarity. However, consistent teams are simply impractical, particularly at large academic and community hospitals. Although nurses are very well-trained and experienced, the the preferences of individual surgeons are very difficult to keep track of in the absence of a comprehensive and interactive technological solution.Delays and disruptions due to missing instruments and supplies are commonplace in surgery, and this is directly related to the lack of a clear and up-to-date guide to a given surgeon’s preferences. ExplORer was built to solve this problem, one which our clinician co-founder, Dr. Alex Langerman (an ENT surgeon and leading OR efficiency researcher), faced every day in his own operating room. Additionally, when the surgical case needs are unknown, the tendency is to open more instruments and equipment in an effort to provide for any possible needs. This is an inefficient strategy that leads to longer setup times and a substantial amount of waste (anything opened in the operating room needs to be discarded or resterilized); what’s even is the “open everything” strategy still does not guarantee that the needed supplies will be among the mass of materials that were opened. This misalignment of surgeon and case needs and staff activity is a pain point for both surgeons and nurses, and ExplORer directly addresses these overlapping team needs.Furthermore, by more accurately aligning surgeon preferences with operating room setup, we save hospitals money by decreasing OR time per case and preventing wasted supplies. More accurate setup and decreased delays can also lead to greater OR throughput, which may increase revenue for hospitals with high surgical demand.Surgeons’ preferences and what tools and supplies are used in which step of which cases is a treasure trove of data that can be leveraged for hospital clients as well as surgical device manufacturers and purchasing organizations. Knowing how surgeons perform procedures (which step in which order) has potential public health and surgical education applications. Additionally, the very act of using ExplORer during surgical cases generates granular data on procedure progress that can be used to streamline OR management and can fuel predictive analytics on surgical activity (e.g., anticipating when a surgical case will end so next steps can be planned). Currently, there is no commonly-used technology to capture this intraoperative data. 
 Like many others, we found ourselves shocked and appalled by the events described in the blog post by the former Uber engineer. Her experiences, like those of so many women before, we not something that should have occurred. Because of this, and the fact that every 98 seconds an American is sexually assaulted, we decided that we should create a sort of social media site for women and allies who have had to deal with similar injustices. NameOur name, stealth, is a reference to the teal used for the Sexual Assault Awareness ribbon (imagine: sTEALth) and the fact that users may want to keep their identities and stories private, or stealthy if you will.MapOur site, stealth, has a map feature that will show you local resources, from health clinics to law offices. By giving users the option to enter their own zip code, we don’t have to use the location of the user so we can help them feel more secure. FeedOur website has a feed where users can post and comment on the experiences of others. By authenticating a user's profile and requiring log-in to post, as well as having a comprehensive report and block feature, we are providing our users with safety. The anonymous posting option also allows users to stay anonymous, however, they are promoted to keep specific identifiers out of their posts in case someone involved or someone they know also happens to be on this site. ResourcesThe resources tab offers external resources for a wide range of services, from government-sponsored departments to online chats and hotlines available 24/7. We hope our users can find what they need and we realize we are not the only site that can provide them with the support they require.Stella, our AI Chat BotOur AI Chat bot, Stella, can provide you with other specific resources based on the information you provide it. If you give Stella your zip code and ask it for legal advice, Stella can link you to the website of a local law office that can provide you with the assistance you need. She's also there for you if you just need to vent!ProfileYour profile page will keep track of all the posts you make and follow, even if you have done so anonymously. This way, you are able to go back to see if someone has offered you any support or has any ideas for how you can handle the situation. Built Withadobe-creative-suiteapi.aiazurebootstrapcssdigitaloceandjangogitgithubgoogle-mapshtml5javascriptjqueryjsonopenshiftpythonsqlsublime-textTry it outcode-teal.org      Submitted to    WiCHacks 2017Winner                #HackHarassment              Winner                Technically Difficult by Constant Contact                  Created by  I worked on the chatbot AI's machine learning. I also worked our hosting and server side interactions. Sneha VaswaniI worked on creating the backend in Python and setting up our database. Shannon McIntosh3rd year software engineerFront-end web developer and worked with Bootstrap to create our awesome website!Sam HeckleSecond Year Game Design Student at RIT!Designer and project managerEmma Strongin 
 Let me tell you a simple story. Sometimes I leave notes for my family member at home or for my colleagues at my workplace, especially when they are not reachable. One day I leave an important document at my desk and leave a note for my colleague. But for an unknown reason my colleague does not get the notes, as a result he could not able to complete the task. I think almost all of us sometimes face this type of problem. From this incident, I and my team think that why we cannot make this an automatic process. i.e. we leave a message in a particular location and when someone enter that area that message will automatically popup. From that point of view, we come up with an idea Pinage, a simple location aware message service.How Pinage worksPeople sometime cannot reach their friends colleagues or someone to whom they want to notify something. Pinage is the simplest location based message tagging service to notify their contacts. Using Pinage you can just simply leave your message in a particular location for your friends or contacts. When your desired person enter that area the tagged message will automatically popped up. As a result, no one will ever miss your notes. In Pinage the message will store in the server for one day only, after that this message will be automatically deleted from the server.How we built itAt first we finalize our full project features and the needed tools and APIs. At the very beginning of the development process we focused on the simplest UX and UI design of Pinage. We used Google Design Sprint method to design the UX and UI of Pinage. During the UX design we design a couple of mockups. After finalizing the the UX we develop the server end of our app. We developed the server end by PHP and the mysql database to provide the service to the client app using Rest API.In Pinage client side is an native android application which is built with the ALOHAR location API. We developed the location aware messaging service in such a way that user can get the tagged message immediately after enter the specific area. We used the ALOHAR location service effectively and thus we successfully minimize the battery usage of device to detect the Geofencing event. We used the some external library such as android volley library for Rest API communication with the server. We also used other third party library in UI design of our app.Challenges we ran intoAt first when we started the Pinage development process, our main focus was to design the simplest UX. The UX design takes a lot of time to start our app development. Finally after a couple of mockups, we design the UX of Pinage application in such a way that user can easily put their message using just single tap. Now user can just type theirs message, select contact and a single tap will tagged in the user current location for their desired one.After that we faced a lot of problem in detection of user arrival or departure event with minimal usage of device battery. At first we did not read the ALOHAR documentation properly. But when carefully and thoroughly read and inspect the ALOHAR developer document, we saw that how easily we can detect any Geofencing event. After developing the Pinage the second most hurdle we faced during the app testing time, as we have to tag a message in a location and we have to wait until the ALHOR fires either arrival or departure event.Accomplishments that we are proud ofWe are tried how simply user can leave a message in a particular location and receiver can get the message as quickly as possible when the receiver enter a particular area. The main hardle was how to detect a Geofencing event, i.e. how we can determine when a user enters a place/area or leave that place. We successfully implement that feature with the help of ALOHAR location API. But the integration was not so smooth. We have to test that location based message popping feature several times to finalize that feature. But finally we successfully integrate this feature with the Pinage.We also design the UX of Pinage in such a way that user can simply pin a message without performing many unnecessary steps. In Pinage user can simply pin a message. Also receiver does not need to open the app to check whether there is any message; Pinage will automatically notify an user if there is a message for him/her.What we learnedOur team developed many locations aware application in which we try to provide some information when an user enter an area. But the main problem in those apps was, we have to periodically check whether user is in proximity of a particular location. This process drains the device battery a lot. In Pinage we used the ALOHAR with our wrapper library to reduce the battery drain in determination of any Geofencing event.What's next for PinageDuring this limited time we mainly implement the necessary features. But we have planned to add new features to smooth the user experience of Pinage. For example,  till now the message lifetime of Pinage in server is one day, but we have a plan to extend this so that user can have multiple option for the message lifetime such as one hour[for short message], one week[for long lasting message] or message with lifetime validity. We are also thinking to add message conversation for a particular topic in private or public mode.  We will also add the social network like facebook, google+ for signin or to allow user to  import their contact or share their public message.Built Withalohar-mobileandroidandroid-studiomysqlphp5Try it outplay.google.com      Submitted to    Create Context-Aware Applications with Alohar Mobile's SDK    Created by  I am the team leader of this project. I also developed the full backend and the full mobile application.MD. MOFIJUL(Akash) ISLAMLecturer, Dept of CSE, University of DhakaTohidul IslamSwapnil SahaTamanna Islam Juthi 
 What is does: It is an extension that opens a random link from a page, then a random link from that page, ... etc., until it hits a page that mentions "Hitler".How I built it: Very Carefully.Challenges I ran into: The fact that I know nothing about extensions or JS.Accomplishments that I'm proud of: It works.What I learned: How to make a chrome extension and basic JS.What's next for BLAAAZEEE: Absolutely nothing.In order to use it:Download the Google Drive folder (bit.ly link) and extract itOpen Chrome, go to chrome://extensionsCheck "Developer mode"Click "Load unpacked extension..."Navigate to the downloaded folder and click 'OK'.Enable to extension and open a new tab to begin your adventure.Or follow the instructions on the github page. Enjoy!Built Withchildhood-neglectchromejavascriptjqueryjsonTry it outbit.lygithub.com      Submitted to    TerribleHack    Created by  I did everything.Arash Rai 
  
 We took inspiration from the mechanichs behind Tinder that has set the new standard for effective interaction when determine quick descisions. And we took inspiration from games in order to make the experience more fun. 
 Tracking deliveries is always a bit complicated. You get an email with a tracking number, true. If you want to track the deliver you will have to copy/paste to track.  And many times you will have to go back and find the email to make sure you have the date correct or just to check the delivery day and the delivery address. Why not making it easier ??? that is what we have done. 
 I was inspired by the node editor from Blender & nuke and the blueprints system from Unreal Engine 4 
  
 After struggling for a few hours on a project well out of my depth. I stormed out of the building and headed back to main campus. As the wind blew the snow right through my sweater, I realized I needed a coat and a new project idea. The idea came to me somewhere between 30th and the math building.   
 Everyday twenty-two people die waiting for a transplant. Around 65% of organs are rejected by centers while 10% of accepted organs are not used in transplants. Rejections occur due to low confidence from doctors about compatibility, time spent waiting for decisions being made, and human error. This $34B industry is missing many chances at saving lives and money. UNOS stores data for the thousands of transplants that occur and current medical charts have hundreds of data points on patients. This seemed like a perfect opportunity to let machines solve this problem.   
 Our inspiration came from seeing the quality of the NYC public transportation system and the need to make something better! 
  
 We all have major tests coming up next week and have spent the weekend doing this.  
 In 1997, an episode of Pokemon aired in 4.6 million homes in Japan. This episode had a scene with many quick flashes that caused 685 children to be hospitalized for photosensitive epileptic seizures.In 2008 an online community known as 4chan posted seizure-triggering images and videos on epilepsy related forums and websites.In 2012 a promotional video for the London Summer Olympics was reported to trigger seizures in people with photosensitive epilepsy.The threat posed to those with epilepsy in each of these incidences could have been significantly mitigated with software that detects when potentially hazardous elements are present on a screen, and blocks them.  This is what Project Julius does.The name comes from Julius Caesar, the roman emperor. Julius Caesar was an innovative leader who has been post-diagnosed with epilepsy. We aim to innovate the seizure prevention measures in place for video on computers.How it worksProject Julius monitors what is displayed on the computer's monitor and blocks quick image changes in order to prevent seizure triggers.Using CamTwist and OpenCV to capture the images on screen.  We then process them using a histogram analysis in broken-down regions of the screen to look for quick changes.  If high-frequency flashing is detected, a window is pushed above all other open windows, warning the user and covering the threat.In order to analyze the display to figure out if there are flashes that we should block, we perform a histogram analysis on the image. First, we take 2 consecutive frames and then divide them into a 10 by 10 grid of pixel regions. We then analyze the colour spectrum and create a histogram representing each region. Then, we evaluate the integral of the Hellinger Distance to find the Bhattacharyya Coefficient. This distance quantifies the similarities between the regions and allows to easily see major changes in the image such as a flash. If there is a 95% change in the image, determined with the Bhattacharyya Coefficient, then we declare it to be a "flash event". We then compare this result to the previous 10 results for each regions, if 60% of the frames contain "flash events" then the seizing guard is triggered and the window is minimized. We analyze  the display at 30fps, and require of 60% of the last 10 frames to contain dangerous flash events to declare a possible triggering event. This makes Project Julius able to catch possible seizure triggering events after only 0.2 seconds.Challenges we ran intoThe first challenge we ran into was being able to complete the capture, analysis, and blocking in real-time with zero lag.  We altered our algorithm and refactored most of our existing python code, ultimately accomplishing precise analysis with minimum resource consumption.The biggest challenge we ran into was being able to accurately detect when an image was flashing repeatedly, rather than an object moving or a scene changing. A lot of things seem like they could be flashes at first, but are clearly not when watched by a human. By comparing multiple frames one after another we were able to better analyze what is happening on the display.Accomplishments that we are proud ofOur proudest accomplishment is learning about epilepsy.  In order to understand the requirements of our project we had to learn a few things about epilepsy including triggers, effects, and number of people affected. However, we wanted to go further. Since one of our team members has had family experience with epilepsy we decided to learn more. We learned about multiple different kinds of epilepsy, triggers for different kinds, statistics, long-term effects, symptoms, and the demographic of affected persons. In our opinion, the coding may have taught us new ways to accomplish our tasks, but we think the knowledge we know have will have a greater impact on our lives. Epilepsy is something we have have to deal with first hand in our life be it friends, family, or anyone in public.What we learnedDuring the creation of Project Julius we learned a lot about Epilepsy and its causes. Using online resources we discovered how many people it affects, common triggers, long-term effects, and large incidents in public.We also learned a lot about how to process large images (upwards of 1080p) quickly and effectively using histograms of regions on the screen. The changes in the histogram values indicate a change in content, a large difference indicates a flash or scene change. We then had to further our analysis to compare multiple changes to detect the rate at which the image changes, and thus determine if we should block it.Our initial approach to capturing the screen was to use the low-level frame buffer built into Linux. We spent a few hours learning how to access and process the frame buffer but ended up deciding not to go with it. We felt that using something built into Linux would greatly decrease our potential reach so we changed our screen capturing method to be more portable and cross-platform by using OpenCV and native desktop capturing applications that can pipe into Python. We found multiple programs for the different operating systems such as CamTwist and ManyCam.What's next for Project JuliusProject Julius is in a state such that it can be applied in many situations, however it isn't ready to be released fully. We hope to continue development and create a fully refined and deployable application. We would like to contact Epilepsy Action in order to verify that our program would be effective and available for as many people as possible.LinksWebsite: projectjuli.usGithub:    github.comBuilt Withcamtwistimage-processingnumpyopencvpythonseizure-preventionTry it outprojectjuli.us      Submitted to    DeltaHacks 2015 - Hackathon for ChangeWinner                1st Place                  Created by  Kestin GoforthFIRST Robotics Alumnus.Arya SolhiRyan MarksChristopher Stokes 
 We are interested in Birding and the preservation of birds.  We were looking for an opportunity to combine our passion for technology with our interest in Birds.  With this bot we can help to raise interest and awareness about the various Bird species.  
  
 Help Rutgers students who want to developer software. Provide a platform for students and mentors to connect at hackathons and throughout the school year.   
 We've noticed that people deliver goods with paper-like documents and pencils between third parts. Today, in 2017 this way is highly insecure and not progressive. We created a system as a solution of this problem. 
 We loved working on it! 
 Scientific integrity has been under attack in a way nobody would have predicted just a few years ago.  Entire studies removed from government websites, credentials called into question, and the refusal to acknowledge that certain research exists. 
 We were interested in an IoT project that can be scaled for both personal and industrial use. The Space Bucket (DIY indoor gardening technique) is an open source concept & community, whose ethos conforms with that of the Ethereum blockchain movement. Typically used for personal Cannabis production, we thought a blockchain IoT version should have its introduction in the US state known for such a popular plant. We also think this hardware model is a good fit for the hackathon due to its portable size and because its basic technological concepts can be easily applied to other industries that rely on sensor environment data, such as apiaries, vertical farming, industrial agriculture and smart homes (e.g. wifi thermostats). Using the Ethereum blockchain technology provides a greater level of security when compared to current IoT & building management systems that rely on central servers prone to denial of service attacks, bot malware, and control by hackers due to poor security, which often rely on outdated embedded electronic & network infrastructures. 
  
 We wanted to get into music making, but were lacking proper software for it. 
 Science labs for students are very costly for schools, and science experiments can be rather bland. We need a cheaper and funner solution. 
 As Microsoft evolves, they build different task management systems, from Outlook tasks, SharePoint Tasks, MS Project, MS Planner. Depend on the project complexity the choice varies. Microsoft Planner is very popular due to its simplicity. Even though Microsoft provides such a nice option, we see users starts asking for more features. The people who used to live in Outlook maintain all their tasks/calendar in Outlook irrespective of the system it comes from and they expect deeper integration and seamless experience from Outlook itself. At this point, we fall in love with Planner and started working for good Planner Outlook integration and bridging between different task management systems. 
 The Oculus Rift 
 _ "I remember seeing my late-grandfather have difficulty managing his prescriptions for a number of chronic conditions. He had difficulty with the timings and quantities for prescription administration so I was inspired to make PillPal." _ - Phil 
 We all love pokemon. So we decided to build a virtual environment where you can challenge your friends to pokemon battles. You can choose from a range of available pokemon and use a variety of different moves with a variety of animations.How it worksThe environment was developed by us throughout the hackathon. The pokemon were built from 3D models that we rigged and animated ourselves. The gameplay initiates when at least two Oculus rift users join the server. The users pick their pokemon and battle in VR.Challenges I ran intoFor all of the team members, this was the first time to ever use Unity. Working with a tool that we did not quite know how to use was demanding. We also faced a challenge communicating information between users on unity. Many of us were also new to game development.Accomplishments that I'm proud ofLearning Unity and Blender in less than 24 hours and achieving significant progress with both.What I learnedGame development, Graphics and Design, Animations, P2P architectures.What's next for PokéBattleHopefully we will expand it further to include a wider range of pokemon and moves that will allow the game to be as close as possible to the existing games. We are also looking forward to add voice recognition and motion capture for body movements.Built Withblenderjavascriptoculusunity      Submitted to    Great Uni Hackathon 2015    Created by  Built Game Engine, rigged most models and worked on user to user communication.Izz AbudakaJohn GrestyKarol JurasińskiGrzegorz JacenkówThird year undergraduate student at @csmcr 
 Humans will invest in stocks they believe in and sell stocks they don’t believe in; it only makes sense to be logical when dealing with matters of money and finance. Thus, accurately predicting stock changes requires knowing which companies are currently trending in the public’s favor. What StockAssist brings to the table that is unique to our generation is generating predictions based on social media trends. Older generations may look to news sources to inform them of which stocks to invest in, but this implies a lag of possibly weeks as news sources need to gather their data and edit it before publishing. By the time the news reaches the crowd, its advice may already be outdated. With StockAssist, we cut out this lag entirely and give you the real-time general consensus of how a company stands by data mining and implementing machine learning on social media posts. This will give the most accurate prediction of how stocks will fare, and thus is revolutionary in advising people with their stock investment decisions.  
 We decided to take the challenge presented by one of the sponsors, Yelp, to use their API to benefit the local community. We wanted to create an app that allows users to interact with parks in their area in a new way. 
 Currently the college coordinators are in charge of sorting packages and notifying students. It is a tedious and also error-prone job for the busy coordinators. We would like to help by replacing this rather manual process with a more automated mobile application.How it worksThe coordinator can take a picture of the label on a package, and that is all he/she needs to do. Our system will identify the student from the label and send him/her a notification email with the picture of that package attached.Challenges I ran intoWe built a large part of our project from scratch without readily-available APIs. We were also experiencing a lot of dependency issues, which consumed a lot of our development time.Accomplishments that I'm proud ofWe make a REST web service as the back end that can support all the mobile and web apps as the front end. Currently we have built the IOS app, and we would like to push our project to RiceApps in the future to build the Android and Windows Phone client.What I learnedHow to make the back-end extensible by using REST web apis, getting rid of dependency issues and language limitations, decoupling the front and back end.What's next for OwlExpressPush to Rice apps where Rice students work together in every week for some interesting projects. Make logging website, and make Android, Windows Phone client.Built With.netamazon-web-servicesapacheazurec#iosphprestful      Submitted to    HackRice 2015    Created by  Mengchen TangBeckseyiqiZiliangZhu 
 There are 285 million visually impaired people around the world.According to a study performed at the University of College London, a third of the elderly population (age 65 and older) is in danger of premature death due to misunderstanding medicine labels. A study of low-income patients carried out at Northwestern University showed that nearly half of even visually able participants misinterpreted at least 1 out of 5 prescriptions labels presented. With the disparate education and literacy levels across the world, MediTake has the potential to improve the lives of billions of people. 
 When we first started to think about what Alexa Skill we wanted to create, we thought about creating a Hy-Vee related skill. When we talked to some of the Hy-Vee sponsors about our idea, they said that it might not be possible due to anti-bot software and not having an API. Thus, we took this as a challenge and began to work on the skill.  
 "Small business isn’t for the faint of heart. It’s for the brave, the patient and the persistent. It’s for the overcomer" - Unknown Managing and tracking invoices is one of the most important aspect of running a small business. A lot of tools have been built to aid in the creation and payment tracking of invoices, however there are not a lot of modern tools help in secure payment of invoices. A lot of small businesses suffer from payment frauds, lack of cash flow and find it difficult to pay invoices on time. PruPay by leveraging VISA's Secure Commercial APIs helps small business pay invoices securely and on time thereby reducing the risks faced by a small business so that they can focus on things that actually matter 
 Currently monitoring folders and content within packages is really tedious 
 So I got this free Twilio computer backpack from Kristina that had an 8x8 LED matrix.  Seemed like a natural thing to have it respond to it's environment, so I wired in an Arduino and a microphone.  Nice start to a portable disco!  Then I got to thinking - hey, with a small audio amp and some speakers, I can have a portable sound system.  From there, the idea for a portable Jukebox was formed. 
 Memes overwhelmingly became the dominant language of the internet. This led to a generation of meme-geniuses; highly skilled and self-trained translating ideas through memetic content online. But most of these users don’t get paid for inventing the future of communication. 
 Being college students ourselves, we know the struggle of managing time and money while keeping ourselves happy and healthy. Luckily, student clubs and organizations are always hosting food events which are convenient and free. The only problem is students aren't always aware of when these events happen. We wanted to build an app that would help our fellow classmates. And so, Munch was born. 
 Every year, millions of Muslims gather at Mecca to perform Hajj, about 74% are from foreign countries with an average age of 54 years old. Saudi government entities work with all their capacities to ensure the safety of pilgrims during their movement in time-specific routes. A major concern of the crowd management is caused by people searching for a lost companion. Old age, language problem, getting separated from the group are some of the reasons why pilgrims get lost in the Grand Mosque and the central area around it.Existing mobile technologies helped, but putting a huge peak load pressure on the mobile and networking infrastructure. It is also observed that the large proportion of pilgrims do not own any mobile devices are most prone to getting lost. Given the large and increasing number of foreign pilgrims, improving hajj management requires cooperation not only from the local government but also Hajj service providers and pilgrims themselves. 
 GPS can be accurate in outdoor environments, but people still get confused by those virtual paths and points shown on their device. Also, we need navigation for indoor environments, for instance, when shopping in a huge mall. With the rising of Augmented Reality (AR) technology, real-time, real-world-integrated navigations are made possible. 
  
 1 in 4 College students have a mental illness.  What if there was a very simple app, with a calming user interface, to combat these illnesses? 
 An average internet user has roughly 40 online accounts. That means 40 different username and passwords to remember. But the real problem is to remember different usernames for each website because users usually keep the same passwords for multiple platforms.  
 Users get overwhelmed by ads & commercials everywhere and, especially, when they are watching video via Youtube, Dailymotion, Viewster, Vimeo, etc. At the same time, advertisers can’t track user engagement and users just skip their ads.How can we balance it without making advertisers and users unsatisfied?The solution is CleverAds.Change the way you see video ads and engage users with advertising content via a quiz and rewards.How does it work?CleverAds will engage users with advertising content via an ad-related quizUsers answer correctly and shows his knowledge and engagement about the advertisementUser will be able to skip the ad immediately and earn points by getting quiz rightEngages users via a quiz gameThe user will not watch the same advertisement if he answered quiz correctlyThe Quiz QuestionsRelated to the ad contentQuestions differ every time you watch an adQuestions get harder each timeBenefitsUsersSkipping the rest of an adNo repeatable advertisements Earning pointsAdvertisersInformation & Data about UsersSaving Money by better audience targeting What's next?Build the expertise in the quiz-based advertisement Let the users spend their earned points in the serviceLet the users make gifts for their friends by using earned pointsBuilt WithcssdailymotionhtmljavascriptnbcuniversalTry it outcleverads.inaway.infocleverads.inaway.info      Submitted to    The Comcast-NBCUniversal Hackathon London    Created by  Idea CreatorDanil NemirovskyIdea Generator, Tech LeadDevCornel AndreevAnastasiia DominaIdea Generator, entrepreneur Kirill KorolyovHilal AgilVlad SLeon Mueller 
  
 Do you ever wish you could know how full a lot is on campus, but have no faith in your university to invest in the tech to make that feasible? Enter DragonPark! No more driving around campus looking for a spot, just pull out your phone and know where to go (and share the love by helping others avert parking induced breakdowns!) 
 We wanted to build a better Birmingham. In that vein, we decided to encourage Birmingham to visit gnu places, broaden their horizons, and grow small businesses! 
 WWWorld's inspiration came from the possibilities of video, twilio's sync api, and the power of iconographic reactions to create an engaging and immersive user experience. Our inspiration drew from sources such as Periscope's live viewing feature and Facebook Live's reaction series (love, wow, haha, sad, angry) in the creation of WWWorld, a Chrome Extension.  
 The problem with our managed SOC (called Cloud Security Center) was the use of different dashboards and mailboxes to get the security alerts. This information that was fragmented and we needed to consolidate and correlate the information (e.g. which user used which workstation). Our SecOps department was very busy consolidating all the information from the different Security & Compliance products and we needed to operate in a multi-tenant environment.We needed to optimize our information gathering in a safe and secure environment which supported automation. The Protect solutions were implemented by our SecAdmins via the Security Baseline. The SecOps workload is Detect, investigate and Respond to the Security alerts and to minimize the number of false-positives (our security baseline helps with that). 
  
 We wanted to incorporate our passion for autonomous robotics with wireless communication, serving the niche for travelling assistance in an increasingly  world. 
 I was inspired by my hatred of pressing the shift key and the r key at the same time. 
 Millions of people are harassed and bullied online, as more people come online the issue is probably going to get worse. Social media sites are not doing enough to protect users. As developers, we need to be consciously creating software which enables a safer environment for everyone online. This involves filtering and banning hateful content, which can be a hard job. So this is an attempt to stop bullying at the program level by asking people to reconsider their messages before they send if the program detects it might be harmful. 
 After the first day at Junction we wanted to watch a movie together. And it was a real problem finding interesting one. So we decided to solve this problem instead of watching it. 
 We strongly believe that problem with transferring data to chain is important. There is no way to do it fast, effective, secure and with trust to oracle. So we decided to use zk-Snarks for it. 
 There was a prize for having the Loudest applause and I though the best way to win it was by turning the odds in my favour, by which I mean forcing people to clap to actually interact with my project. 
 Fun new ways to communicate with friends are growing in popularity, and we wanted to build a communication tool of our own. We took inspiration from the "money maze" toy, which locks a gift in a transparent cube maze. In order to unlock the cube and get the gift inside, the recipient must complete a complex puzzle. 
 Long hours spent on ECE problem sets and frustration visualizing convoluted circuits caused these four CMU undergrads to create a circuit visualization system that would also help them solve circuits.A member of the team is currently in the intro ECE course: "Well it's not bad, I guess." - Team Member 
  
 Reminder apps suck and I thought that a chatbot that makes the experience interactive will change how people could use reminder app. 
 For our development team, it pains us to see paper receipts get wasted even after declining to receive the receipts in an in-person transaction. According to treehugger.com, the U.S. uses up to 10 million trees annually to make paper. Among that paper created, 686 million pounds of it end up as waste in the form of receipts at the end of the year. Our project aims to create a more sustainable approach to receipts.  
 We were confused about what would lead to carbon emission, and what is one person's impact on surrounding environment. After we researched about factors that could lead to carbon emission, we found different kinds of clothes production relates to different level of carbon emission, so we want to show which of our choices would lead to carbon emission 
 Not being able to log into xfinity hotspots when roaming around town. And wanting cryptocurrency. 
 Introducing the Plug & Play BOT, a ready-to-use UiPath workflow that can be integrated easily with any project across different customers that too without any modification. Need of reusable components across multiple projects/customers inspired me to create the Plug 'N' Play BOT to Read Email By Subject using UiPath. 
 Introducing the Plug & Play BOT, a ready-to-use UiPath workflow that can be integrated easily with any project across different customers that too without any modification. Need of reusable components across multiple projects/customers inspired me to create the Plug 'N' Play BOT to Send Email Multiple Attachment using UiPath. 
  
  
 Previously, it was necessary to meet in person and sign documents for work. Now it can be done online safely!  
 The Government  of Kenya  began piloting the 2-6-3-3-3 system of education, designed by the Kenya Institute of Curriculum Development (KICD), in selected public schools in January 2019. Inadequate training and information has been  hindering the implementation of the new curriculum, as most teachers teachers have said. There has been criticism that  the Government has been focusing  on training only teachers employed by the Teachers Service Commission (TSC).The truth is that given the huge number of learners, most teachers in lower primary are employed by parents. This locks them out yet they are the ones to teach the new system. There has been much emphasis on digital learning yet there has been no adequate equipment to deliver  it. Taking an example as a teacher You teach for 10 minutes and you are told to play a video but you realize you have no decoder and or even the video itself. On the other hand In the private sector, school managers are forced to pay Sh7,000 per teacher for the training. They also buy books. The postponement of the new curriculum, means to financial losses. However there is a gap that Hamaisha platform comes in, according to the Deputy President William Ruto more than 700,000 Class One pupils out of 1.2 million have received tablet computers under the digital literacy programme. Inaddition to that , Jomo Kenyatta University of Science and Technology (JKUAT) had partnered with Kenya Private School Association (Kepsa) to ensure private institutions also benefit from the laptops project.The deal with JKUAT will see the university manufacture about four million devices for the next three years at a fixed price of Sh15, 000 per device.The devices will be distributed to over 11,000 private schools throughout the country and are expected to benefit over 1.8 million pupils.Irregardless of this tablets and laptops, there has not been a clear way to inculcate learning materials of the new curriculum into the tablets and laptops. Also there has been no proper, easier and cheaper way to train the teachers and also incorporate parents in implementing the new curriculum. Hamaisha is a swahili name meaning derived from the word Kuhamaisha meaning inspire with a goal to help solve these problems through a digital platform. 
 Our inspiration comes from 15th century tribal story named El Dorado - the city of infinite gold, where many emperors and tribes spent a lot of their lifetime to find the treasure and in the process they made hundreds of alliance with other ambitions finders through barter. Gamers have similar mentality of ambitions finders and tribes like in El Dorado, who spend a lot of time playing games on mobile. What if we tell them they would find infinite treasure while playing their favorite games and allow them to barter with other gamers?  It will automatically build the biggest active gaming community that barters their gaming goods like kin, keys, game cards, UC, comics etc. while raising their itch to play and engage more.  
  
 Have you ever felt the struggle of following along with a coding video trying to keep up? We felt the same way and came up with our application that gives you the ability to work on the same code as the video.  
 AAL Research - Active Assisted Live http://www.aal-europe.eu/Living Analytics Research Center https://larc.smu.edu.sg/ 
 For movies to be in the public domain means that no government, company, organization or individual owns them.  They are considered part of the public cultural heritage and may be freely watched and used by all. The main disadvantage of that is no one cares to market or distribute them since there is no monetary return. We believe that the free flow of creative work is of vital importance to transfer knowledge, educate and culture our young one and society.  That's why we build Movie Classics.  
 Was going toy shopping, as one does, when I walked by this old childhood game. A feeling of nostalgia swept over me as I remembered catching the little fishes with the tiny rod that is more fit for hamsters than humans. Suddenly I imagined what if this were more adult sized, how funny would that be? Now here we are, making it happen. Or at least trying to :) 
 Imagine when someone wants to show you a photo on their phone but it takes forever as they scroll through tons of photos to find the one they want you to see. Wouldn't it be nice if instead you could just retrieve photos by voice command?". That question was the inspiration for Photo Recall. 
  
  
  
 Spurred by wanting to find a hack that bridged each of our specialties (optical sciences, biomedical engineering, and computer science) in addition to the recent Ebola outbreak and epidemics in general, the X-Terminator Drone was born. This hack aims to reduce the risk of healthcare workers and volunteers in the face of an epidemic by using drones to UV sterilize the field.  
  
 _ “They may use my body but my mind is free. In my mind I escape.”  _― Gladys Lawson, Blood Borne ConnectionsEvery year, thousands of people fall into the hands of traffickers. Human trafficking represented an estimated $31.6 billion of international trade per annum in 2010. It’s thought to be one of the fastest-growing activities of transnational criminal organizations. We want to do something about this, and look to contribute technology solutions. 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 Following a personal request to build a similar product for a local hospital I realised how important such methods are and asked Vanessa to join in building a business that could solve and help overcome such issues.How it worksWe make bespoke apps that contain Business Continuity Planss for companies to make them easier to use and more effective.Challenges I ran intoLacking the resources to develop for iOS, how to distribute apps with sensitive information.Accomplishments that I'm proud ofHave already made the app for one hospital and have been asked to develop an app for a mental health clinic.What I learnedThis project is how I first learned how to make apps.What's next for Leanú TechnologiesDevelop other apps that companies want us to make.Built WithcsshtmlphonegapTry it outleanutech.comdocs.google.com      Submitted to    Outbox Incubator Demo Day    Created by  Catrina CarriganVanessa Greene 
  
 Inspired by Madoka Magica, Sailor Moon, Undertale and, of course, Pixie Hacks! 
 Astro League was inspired by games such as foosball, Subbuteo, pool and Rocket League. We wanted to make a real-time head-to-head soccer that worked well with multitouch controls. 
  
 You meet someone, exchange numbers and start chatting with them. You want to make a strong first impression and keep the conversation going - not let the person feel like you don't know abut something or haven't caught up on the news yet. What if you could get live prompts about the topic being dicussed and sentimental feedback on how good your conversation is going? You would totally own the conversation! Being able to translate messages within your chat window is just another awesome feature that this application provides. In short, never screw up your chances of getting a date ever again! 
 The medical care industry has lacked a homogenous system for patient data tracking since the dawn of the digital era. Patients are required to repetitively fill out paperwork that details their health status every single step of the way through patient care. Whether it be a health clinic, the hospital emergency room, or a healthcare specialist, data needs to be entered and re-entered into a new system; a system that is disconnected from its counterparts, leaving both patients and professionals at the mercy of these tedious practices, instead of focusing their attention and effort to patient care. Even within a single hospital unit, patient data needs to be communicated in real-time to multiple parties, especially in intensive-care situations. Median works to get everyone: the patient, doctors, nurses, specialists on the same page and allows for the documentation of patient data in a way that is focused and allows for optimal patient care. 
 Usually people in the work says: "te doy un ray?" which means, he can share its journey by his route, what about help people to enjoy sharing? this is why share a route was created. 
 We've always found it frustrating to seek through long videos such as those for presidential debates. This is why we created Vibez, which intelligently analyzes videos and provides summaries in the form of emotional profiles and keywords.  
 Ingage is subset of a larger application that we intend to launch as a white labeled solution for Corporations that adheres to their individual healthy goals and risks. It can be used to manage the health and wellness of their employees by leveraging the popularity of fitness trackers and fun challenges that users can participate in at their own pace. This allows employees to collect points which they use to earn incentives from their company or to reduce their insurance premium costs.Ingage can sync with multiple sources such as Fitbit, Jawbone, FatSecret, etc to allow employees to track their activities and meals from multiple sources all in one mobile application. 
 Everyone has had the experience when there was not enough sleep the night before and the productivity is basically non-existant.A lesser known fact, is that based on research ~40% of adults don't get enough sleep (<7h), even though their subjective feeling is that they do and could be productive. It has been calculated, that the lost productivity because of this false assuption in the USA alone leads to annual losses of 63*10^9 USD.Also, a stressful day at work, or too much coffee while working can lead to problems sleeping at night resultin in a vicious cycle:Less sleep means lower productivityLower productivity means more stress and higher coffee consumptionWhich again lead to difficulty sleeping and lessOn the other hand there is research that specially tailored environment can help sleep better, and that better sleep leads to better productivity - even if because of sleeping there is less time for work. Also well rested people take much better and safe decisions, and less risk means less insurance claims benefitting insurers and reducing insurance costs for clients. 
  
 When we started coding, we found normal coding syntax to be an unnecessary abundance of punctuation that is intimidating to learn at first, with big words like "variable" and "function" thrown at you from the start. We decided to create our own programming that removes all punctuation from our code and uses an algorithm to decipher your meaning behind the code, in simple ways like drawing a shape, or changing a color of an object. 
 Living on campus made us realise how many things we keep forgetting every day. Being caught up with school work and other commitments every day, we realised that our mums remind us a lot when we are at home, regarding our health and commitments. Thus, we decided that a telegram bot can help us do the same thing. 
 It bothers me to see so many wasted resources, piling dust in my household. What if I could easily put it at the disposal of my neighbours and my community? Inversely, if I need a drill to make a whole to hang a portrait, why do I need to buy a drill myself? It would be easier, faster and cheaper if I could simply get it from a neighbour. There should be a collaborative economy solution for this...What does it do?Active Neighbour enables transactions among neighbours. Not only for household items, but also services that could be distributed more efficiently within a neighborhood: baby-sitting, elderly care, pet walking, shared cooking, etc. How I built itWe used ruby on rails and the google maps API to connect people within a neighborhood so that only neighbors have access to posts relating each particular neighborhood complex. Challenges I ran intoCreating a smooth, intuitive experience for the user. Accomplishments that I'm proud ofIt works!What I learnedGreat functionalities that people can't easily understand and use, are not great at all.What's next for Active NeighbourWe'll get feedback from as many users as we can, focusing on making the best experience possible while at the same time providing a valuable product. Built Withazuregoogle-mapsmongodbruby-on-railsTry it outactiveneighbour.com      Submitted to    Junction 2016    Created by  Khawaja UmairAngel  GallegosNidia Obscura AcostasopoCesar Dominguez 
 Our dear friend Maria, who is totally into fashion, was complaining how difficult and time-consuming it's to find clothes she liked while browsing fashion magazines and Instagram of her favorite superstars. So, we came up with the idea of using Machine Learning algorithms to help her.  
 Pier's dad has MS and suffers from foot drop, but was not able to get an FES device due to the prohibitively high cost.  
 Misery. 
  
  
 I get lots of email and need to be up to date. Commute time is not used as well as it could be. If I could listen to my email while driving or sitting in traffic I could think about what I need to do and formulate what I need to go back to people with. This is what started my search for an app that would read out my email for me that was distraction free and could be used safely while driving. My search resulted in a realisation there was a big hole waiting to be filled by Speaking Email. How it worksThis app is basically an email program combined with speech synthesis. The email technology used is Context.IO and Gmail REST API. We render inline images and scale down fixed width elements to a mobile form factor using javascript and css. The app is built using html5 with Cordova. Users can swipe between emails and perform limited actions (archive, flag, quick reply, pause), intended to be easy to use and distraction free while driving. Texting and driving is a big issue and we've placed a lot of emphasis on driving safety, making sure there are no complex interactions. Your emails can be continuously spoken, meaning you never need to look at or touch the phone.Challenges I ran intoWe tried doing voice recognition and I learned heaps about phonemes and how that all works, but we came to a dead end and realise we needed to rewrite and use a different library so had to pause on that. I'm keen to get back to it but need to pace ourselves due to too much to do. Mobile development on Cordova using Windows has been difficult due to debugging tools being a bit faky and general slow code-debug-run cycle that you get with the build process. Emails are difficult to process with the many complex formats in the wild.Accomplishments that I'm proud ofGetting hot swapping of cordova code working for super fast dev-run cycle was great - annoying that we had to spend so long on tooling but good to manage to get it working well. Layout of emails using css and javascript was much tricker and ultimately rewarding than we expected. Making a cordova plugin using objective C was a good accomplishment. Getting our first app in the App Store just over a month ago was an exciting moment!!What I learnedLearned a lot more about email. I thought I knew a lot already, like how inline attached emails and CIDs work, but turned out there was a bit more to it with iPhone emails being multipart mixed and still containing inline images. With gmail api you have to compose messages in raw format - base 64 with mime boundaries which I've never had to do in 20 years of programming! What's next for Speaking EmailWe've just pushed a new version to the App Store, now supporting Gmail, Outlook.com, Yahoo! Mail, iCloud, or any IMAP mail server. We've also built in more customisation of how you manage your email (eg mark as read or move to folder instead of archive). Next up is the Android version and better integration of Context.IO including utilising their Exchange connector. Then possibly voice recognition. Built Withapachec#context.iogmailgoogle-gmail-oauthhtml5javascriptTry it outspeaking.email      Submitted to    Context.IO App Challenge    Created by  I was the primary instigator, the one who wanted the app and decided how hard can it be to make. It was quite hard. But great fun. I designed the product and did a lot of the front end (javascript and objective C) and back end (C#) programming, along with Josh.Mike NelsonI added a button in the settings screen!Jeremy Nichollsdeveloper 
  
  
 What inspired me to build RokkSalt was the desire to expand on the Twitter Lead Gen cards and to add in new features that would allow people to do more with their lead gen cards. I wanted to give people the ability to pass over custom field data through the lead gen cards into Infusionsoft, as well as to create reporting to go along and show a quick glance at the performance of each card. 
 Have you ever tried to watch a movie on the bus? Study in public? Listen to music while commuting?We're guessing you have. And, by extension, we're guessing you've had to deal with the frustrating experience of constantly adjusting the volume to accommodate for your changing environment. Everyday distractions like crying babies and noisy neighbors hinder your productivity, your patience, and the sick fiya you're dropping in your playlist -- but they no longer need to be sources of stress.What it DoesUsing the built in microphone on your Mac OS X device, f.low is able to detect how loud your environment is and dynamically adjust your volume on-the-fly, keeping your listening experience consistent.Mapping microphone input power to decibel values using our fitting algorithm, as well as letting you set a maximum and minimum volume for f.low to work with, we achieve the sound you want, all the time.How We Built Itf.low is currently available on Mac OS X, and it's just a quick and easy port away from iOS. We've developed it using Swift and Xcode, making use of the hardware existing on every Mac and iPhone.ChallengesAchieving a natural, consistent sound is key to listening experience, so great care was put into analyzing and optimizing the data gathered from the environment and achieving the most natural volume control.What's Next for f.lowOf course there is much more in store and many ideas that need exploring: further optimizing user experience, improving the validity of our detecting algorithm, and re-vamping the UI are three challenges we'd love to tackle in the future.www.justgetflow.techBuilt WithloveswiftxcodeTry it outowenkun.github.io      Submitted to    McHacks 2016    Created by  Erin HavensOwen LiSoftware Engineering MajorAnass Al 
 The idea was born because we’ve solved similar problems for Hospital Systems, IPAs, ACOs and HIEs over the years. We started to see a lot of commonality in what they we’re collecting. Then when we got involved in NYS DSRIP, TCPI grants, etc. and it became apparent that the number of requirements were growing and getting more complex. Most importantly, we started to see providers and organizations participating in overlapping programs that needed to collect a lot of the same things from a lot of the same people. It was clear there was an issue here, so we built ZenPRM to go after it.   
 Software engineers should spend more time towards R&D for better future. It could be healthcare or any other stream. As the need grows so does the software applications, data and infrastructure. I see more and more time and effort is spent on maintenance, handling operational cases. With facility of Cloud Infrastructure, datascience and techniques like HTM its best time to automate these processes. Thereby allowing engineers to spend more quality time thinking for nextgen. 
 It has been only 3 weeks since we started learning about CLA (HTM) and NuPIC. We were instantly intrigued by the capabilities offered by this new learning algorithm modeled after the human Neocortex. We wanted to use this framework to make a consumer facing application that will be useful throughout the day with minimal user interaction. We quickly learned that temporal data with high velocity is very suitable for HTM learning and hence chose a wearable (Apple Watch) to get Step count data, use it to make predictions about user's activity patterns. After a bit of brainstorming, we decided to make the user play a game with the HTM algorithm. By participating in the game, the user is providing active feedback to the HTM about stepcount and activity pattern, thereby making the prediction more accurate over time.  
 I love coworking spaces. I don't mean the food and drinks offered or the table tennis or football tables. What I like most about these places is the productive creative working athmosphere and the possibility for people to meet and inspire each other. The problem of coworking spaces is that they are static and people who travel a lot cannot have the same experience at another place. Also, if you only have 2 hours in between work and meetings you don’t want to go all the way to a coworking office 
 Many people on the streets have no access to mobile devices or Wifi, and no way of finding a temporary home for the night. Homeline Bling is a hotline homeless people can call using a street payphone, and the hotline will relay the name and location of the closest shelter near the caller. So for those late, cold nights, Homeline Bling will provide you with a home.How We Built ItWhen a caller calls the hotline, which is set up using Twillio, and the location of the payphone is extracted using Google geocaching API. The location of the closest shelter is then calculated through our web application built in Django. Then using Twillio's text-to-speech API, the name and location of the closest shelter is relayed back to the user. The web application also allows representatives from shelters to update or add their information on our database. The website is hosted on the cloud using Microsoft Azure. What We LearnedWe learned how to use the Django framework, and linking Twillio with a web application. We ran into many problems with the implementation, but we're very proud of what we accomplished in the end.Built Withazurecssdjangogitgoogle-geocodinggoogle-mapshtml5javascriptjquerypythontwilioTry it outhomelinebling.azurewebsites.net      Submitted to    WildHacks 2015Winner                MLH Punniest Domain                  Created by  I worked on that awesome Drake/Groupon Space-cat gif, and front-end development of the website. I used Bootstrap, Google Maps API, and GMapsEmma XieI worked on the twilio integration and integrating the entire application. I used Python with Django.Qile WangShan Pruthichilling 
 We thought since most information lives on Internet, that there should be a simple way to access this information conveniently without a browser or Internet connection. 
  
  
 The inspiration for this project started from an idea for a virtual reality glove. The glove was going to be able to give feedback by using servos and wires to stop the hand from closing. Because we weren't familiar with developing through the Oculus Rift, we ventured to find other uses for this technology. We took a health approach after we realized that the glove could be used to help people who suffer from arthritis. We modified our original idea so that instead of  stopping the user from closing their hand, it records data about the movement of each finger.How it worksThe PowerGlove works by using flex sensors to measure the deflection of each finger. The data gets wirelessly transmitted to a computer which will analyze the raw data, filter through the invalid measurements, and store the data on a database. A common method physicians and doctors recommend for patients with arthritis do deal with their pain is simple hand and finger exercises. We have created a web app that walks through these exercises with the patient and records if the user can complete them. Challenges we ran intoSome challenges we ran into were figuring out how to communicate between the glove and the web server; finding how to wire the glove so that each movement could intrusively be measured with maximum accuracy.What I learnedWe learned about arthritis and the research going on being the condition; how to read from a serial port, parse the data, and write to a MySql database; and advanced soldering techniques. Built With.netarduinobootstrapc#google-cloudgoogle-cloud-sqllesslibserialphptoroTry it outpowerglove.cntr.me      Submitted to    HackUMassWinner                Finalist              Winner                Champion              Winner                Best Hacks for Health Prize Category              Winner                HackUMass Popular Choice                  Created by  Implemented backend resources and data structures as well as handling client-server API integration between the hardware and web app.Christopher TranWorked on the mechanical and electrical systems on the Power glove and set up the communication between it and the computer that handled data processing. Anmol ModurWilliam KrodthoffZachary Thompson 
 Average 911 emergency response time in the United States is 10 minutes and 17 seconds.Serious allergies or asthma attacks can cause permanent damage or death in 5.We decided to build this app because we know multiple people who have serious allergies and we know that such an application would make them feel infinitely safer and could potentially save their lives. 
  We will bring the way of visualization to the next level and help UPM differentiating from the competition by using latest 3D technology with Mixed Reality. We were inspired by the possibilities of Microsoft HoloLens, 3D models in Virtual Reality and new ways of interaction between humans and machines.We are convinced, by using the HoloAstic Transport Visualization (HoloAstic = HoloLens + Fantastic) UPM will save money and increase customer loyalty by improving delivery reliability. The daily work on tracking orders is easier to understand and options for decision making are vastly improved. We have calculated a rough business case, and can show that our solution will save more than** 1.2 Million € annually**.Our solution includes two extensions to the HoloAstic Transport Visualization to create a complete ecosystem:Solution Module 1: Transport Prediction - A calculation engineSolution Module 2: Delivery Tracker - A simple mobile app for truck drivers  
  
 As students in the modern age, we are inspired to combat the inefficiency of finding specific information in long audio samples. In a recorded math lecture, for example, only certain sections may be relevant to what you are trying to review. However, unlikelong text passages, there is no “command-F” that can be used to jump to the exact content needed in audio and video files. Thus, we have created an application that works as a search function for audio clips by transcribing and timestamping each spoken word. 
 We came up to this solution from another idea, related to token distribution via QR-codes with which we went to the hackathon. But as you may notice the first idea has nothing with the main topic of this Identity Blockchain Hackathon. So we transformed our original idea to the VIC.cards (Very Important Contact Cards). 
 Inspired by NASA API, to learn new things about Astronomy every day. 
 The idea was born as part of a internal K15t Software hackaton called "Häcketse" (please ask a swabian German to explain this name to you). 
 According to the general manager of solid waste management for the City of Toronto, it is estimated that each percentage point decrease in contamination could lower recycling costs by $600,000 - $1,000,000, and this correlates to the rates that we pay for waste collection.How we built itAndroid Studio was our main platform for development. We used Clarifai's Image Recognition API to determine a list of possible objects that the image might represent. We then created an algorithm to help classify which bin the item should be disposed in depending on the objects identified in the picture. We created a responsive and intuitive user interface, to allow the user to conveniently navigate within the application.Challenges we ran intoWe had a lot of trouble modifying Clarifai's starter app to implement the functionalities we wanted. We eventually decided to start from scratch and develop an app from the ground up. We also had some problems using the Clarifai API, as certain features were hard to interpret. We didn't have much experience with developing user interfaces, so we had some trouble generating designs for different pages.What's nextWe expect it to be hard to engage users to use the application in the long term. Therefore we would plan to implement more features that offer incentive for people to use the application. One of these features could include quizzes that reward points, based on items they have disposed of in the past. Also we thought about implementing the Snapchat API so that users can display their score to their friends, and show off that they are being environmentally friendly.Built Withandroid-studioclarifaijavamachine-learningxmlTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    StarterHacks 2019    Created by  I focused on implementing Clarifai's Image Recognition API and classifying a picture based on the objects detected. Justin KreinerECE student at UTorontoI worked on designing the XML layouts for the UI of the app. I also wrote Java code to interface the XML layouts with the various activities in the app. I learnt a lot about XML syntax, User Interfacing, threads, intents, and activities.Mahad ZaryabUW Mechatronics Engineering I worked on implementing the camera activity and learned about threading and incorporating APIs into our android appTiffany YehI worked on prototyping and overall branding/designing of the productChia-Hui Yeh (Catherine)I worked on the algorithm that categorized items based on their clarifai tags and determined what the object was likely to be. I learned a tremendous amount about xml, android studio and android activities and threads.Dhruv MananiMechatronics Engineering Student | University of Waterloo 
 I wrote an iOS App to share the WiFi Credentials via QR Code back in the Days of iOS 10 when it was not build-in. It does not only scan those QR Codes, it creates them and managed multiple credentials. After incorporating different technologies inside the Apple ecosystem for sharing (NFC, AirPlay, iMessage, AppleWatch), it was natural for me to build a companion skill to share the WiFi settings via Alexa. Especially the Echo Show is predestined to show the QR Code to guests. The device is always hat the location of the WiFi, while I might be away with my iPhone, when my wife wants to share your wifi with guests.But a problem e.g. on parties is, that the shown QR Code disappears after a short time - this updates brings infinite displaying the Credentials. 
 As first-years in a new city, there is an underlying urge to go out to explore. However, without the specific street knowledge gained from experience living in Boston, safety can be an issue not just for us but for the general populace as well.Our VisionWe hope to create an app that gathers data from police databases and utilizes historical data to display a heatmap of criminal activity in Boston. This app will then recommend safer areas for foot traffic and provide actual navigation instructions, avoiding areas of highly concentrated violent crime and drug related activities.Our ProcessWe scraped Boston Police arrest databases and gathered a dataset. Then, we utilized a deep neural network to create a model for geospatial crime frequency data, learning to predict the relative safety of a given area. The neutral network then evaluated the data on a variety of different locations in Boston and created a custom heatmap, which we then turned into a custom Google Maps overlay.ChallengesOur initial problem was the lack of uniformity in data structure between the variety of databases we scraped, forcing us to fallback on an amount of manual re-formatting and sorting. While there were optimization issues with the machine learning model, those were related to simple hyperparameter tuning and were overcome. The primary stumbling point was properly overlaying the crime data on the Maps rendering. As none of us had experience in android app development, it was hard trying to learn enough of it in time to fully carry out our vision.What’s Next?In the future, we hope to implement custom navigation instructions as well as the ability to choose different filter categories of crime.Built Withgoogle-mapskerastensorflowTry it outgitlab.com98.232.253.245      Submitted to    WHACK 2018Winner                Coding It Forward Social Impact Challenge                  Created by  I developed the machine learning regression model as well as some of the google maps API calls.Solomon GreenbergChristine LamGreg Kimatov 
 Social choice has received considerable attention in AI and computer science in recent years, due to technological advances that have facilitated an explosion in the availability of ranking or preference data.Despite a great degree of personalization in recommendations and information provision, tailoring alternatives presented to specific users can be difficult for a number of reasons, including infeasibility of complete personalization. Most decisions force the choice of a single option , usually from a range of choices that maximise customer satisfaction across a target market. In such settings, a single “consensus” recommendation is made for the population as a whole.In social choice theory, the Arrow's theorem states that when voters have three or more distinct alternatives , no ranked voting electoral system can convert the ranked preferences of individuals into a community-wide ranking while also meeting a specified set of criteria: unrestricted domain, non-dictatorship, Pareto efficiency, and independence of irrelevant alternativesThe proposed alternative is using a modern voting system so as to satisfy as many criteria as possible, while considering the participatory democracy concept: involving users in the decision making process and focusing on their participation and collaboration 
  
 Inadequate information on how to get physical instructors or experts that are good at a particular course of study or entrepreneurial skill set. Tutorial centers not being able to get their target audience for their various programs and service they offered. 
  
 Public transport systems have many struggles. But for most, the biggest struggle is the uncertainty behind not having accurate information location on how far their next bus is. While some systems do implement their own GPS tracking systems, this would need a different bus app to be downloaded for each system and most systems do not even have GPS tracking. As students we use buses to get around campus all the time and need accurate location data to know whether it will come in time for class. Hence we created LiveBus to solve a widespread struggle for all Public Transport users. 
 The inspiration was brought upon us from Niko currently streaming under the nickname PlayRescue. Through his streams he advertises the charity behind Odsherred Zoo Rescue, which is the first rescue center for exotic animals in Denmark. He is also a game developer and is currently building a MMORPG. We want to support his charity by contributing through a free extension. All winnings from this competition will also go to his company to support the development of the game. 
 Our team, consisting of Hamid Mushtaq, Hani Alers and Zaid Alars from the Computer Engineering Lab of the TUDelft, have been working to create this DoctorSpark application to address computational challenges in DNA analysis. With the increasing amount of DNA information being used to diagnose genetic disease, DNA analysis time is becoming a bottleneck to using genomics in the filed to treat patients. We implemented a Spark based framework to enable easy division and distribution of DNA analysis computations on a large scalable infrastructure. 
  
  
 The idea came from Doodle Jump. We had an idea to build a game that allows female character to learn programming and overcome dilemmas for female engineers. We integrated this idea with Doodle Jump to build Jumping Girl. The female character learns programming through posting, viewing and answering polls on Stack Overflow, and once she participate in AthenaHacks, she will learn as much as she view/post/answer five polls on StackOverflow! 
 We were inspired by osu! and Elite Beat Agents! 
  
 We came to nwHacks with the common goal to hack a scalable application for social good. As a group who has had their fair share of experiences working alongside children with special needs, we tried our best to identify ways that we could enhance and support their learning, in ways that the traditional education system could not. Problems we tackled include: How to keep track of students when special needs teachers have such high turn over rates Traditional paper documents don't record all necessary information needed for the future teachers to ease students into the adjustment processData should be inputted by both teachers and parentsConfidentiality of informationPredicting behaviours of children based on given dataImproving community based on growth and need for support 
 On an expedition to Mars, an organized, well-structured schedule is paramount to efficient use of the crew's most valuable resource: time. Our product provides tools for astronauts to stay on top of their agenda by partitioning the hours of the day into several categories, including: eating, sleeping, exercise, work, and entertainment/free time. 
 Do you know that person you can't stand seeing on Facebook? Now, you'll never have to, ever again.Here's my Facebook news feed. Watch, as I click the noex button. The images of this butthole magically disappear.And that's not all. What if you wanted to have them on your feed, but didn't want to see their face? We've got a feature for that too.How I built itBleeding edge facial recognition algorithm paired with down to earth chrome extensionChallenges I ran intoTo test our chrome extension, we ended up stalking people we hate for hours...And yeah, we have no experience building a chrome extensionAccomplishments that I'm proud ofSweet sweet revenge on people I hate get uglified with emojis I'm not supposed to be proud ofWhat's next for No-ExWe can hook it up with an external server that has algorithms written with opencv to uglify the people you hate professionallyBuilt Withchromejavascriptmost-awesomely-useless-hackmost-entertaining-hackopencvpythonTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    Hack&Roll 2018    Created by  I ate the buffet food and it was nice.MX ChaiCS Major.javascript and chrome extensionsDe Lin Hooface detection and image processingIdawati BustanJuho Lee 
 AidConnet has the purpose of connecting people during a natural disaster without internet or telephone connection.   
 The need for emotion monitoring for people undergoing anxiety disorders made me build the sentiment analysis part of the app. To make the app a complete mental health suite, I added a Feed that lists out articles pertaining to mental health and also added options to connect with Therapists through the application to allow for easier access to therapists.  
 Our aim is to allow those in developing countries, with limited or no access to the internet, the same first aid information which is readily available to the world that has easy access to the internet. 
 I've always wanted to make a game and I decided I was finally read to jump into it head first. I used a combination of risk and chess as a basis for figuring out the rules. I felt the app store is really missing a mid-level risk type strategy game. When I could not find one I decided, hey, I can do this myself!  
 My team and I are seniors at VCU Arts, as well has team members at a nonprofit tech start up with the mission to hack the foster care system. With Compan-Oekaki- Colaborative Vision Board, it was born of these two loves in our life, where the key topic we were focused on tackling was communion and collaboration.As artist its very easy to become isolated and focused on your specific body of work, however we found that some of the most successful piece of art come from artistic collaboration. A similar problem can be found in the Foster care system, where visualizing your goals with a supporters and/or other youth isn't a common or accessible practice.That why my team and I created Compan-Oekaki- Colaborative Vision Board, which is a device for collaboration between people to in real time to illustrate as a team goals, ideas, and strategies for life or for fun. .  
  
  
 We wanted to spread awareness of mental health issues and provide a better understanding of the problems that are faced by sufferers, including those who suffer as a result of harassment. We wanted to recreate the experience of having to deal with anxiety and depression by making use of the technology available to us. 
 The case was compelling and we were motivated to create eye catching visualization to attract attention to the topic. We were attracted to the idea of spreading awareness for an important topic. 
 We wanted to experiment with VR, and decided to tackle and gamify the huge need for able light persons for parties. Disco Melthem let's you relive your childhood fantasies of becoming the best light operator of the galaxy. 
 Google Maps is selective with their 3D mapping and modelling regions, we wanted something that is decentralized and capable of being produced by anyone. 
 As web designers it’s our job to turn a client’s goals into beautiful, intuitive, conversion optimized designs. This is easy enough when a client is able to communicate what they like and don’t like, but very often we’ll get vagaries like “I don’t like it” or “It looks too aggressive”. It’s hard to take feedback like that back to Photoshop and adjust the design to resolve those complaints. What if instead we could easily modify our designs during meetings and get immediate feedback on our work? 
 Dance Dance Revolution was an amazing game to play at arcades back in middle and high school. With the decline of arcades in recent days, bringing a dancing game into virtual reality was the next step to getting back to the dancing classics. 
 We are a group of artists who wanted to meld art with story in our game. 
  
 http://biene.techBIENE 
 QR codes are ubiquitous in our lives yet they are not easily distinguishable from each other. Current QR code makers allow changes in color or allow a small logo in the center yet none allow the entire code to be part of a logo. By incorporating an easily recognizable logo into a QR code, people will be more compelled to scan it. 
  
  
 With today's cutting-edge technology being widely available, disadvantaged people have yet to have access that empowers them. More than 20 million homeless people today have access to mobile phones provided by the government via the "Obama phone" program (obamaphone.org). On top of having access to mobile phones with data and texting services, homeless people have greater access to their local libraries equipped with modern computers. We can help get them back on track in life using these widely available technologies!ologies! 
 Sophomore year, Eli and Josh explored a web app focused on mapping locations of vending machines around the world. Popular across campus and in large defense offices where employees can walk up to a mile to find a vending machine. However, the app saw limited use outside these scenarios. The two have since wanted to build a more generalized social mapping application - and this weekend, they did! Mappit, Reddit for Maps, was created to help communities of all sorts collaborate on maps and communicate locations easily and conveniently. 
  
  
 We have developed this power-up for internal use @ OCTO Technology and for our customers (factory workshops management, administrative processes) and share it with you!If you use Trello for process management, check it out!FeaturesChecklist Bot adds to a Trello board:Checklist templatingassign a checklist template to each listautomatically add the template's checklists to any card added or moved to the listAutomated actions on check when an item is checked in a checklist such as:Move the card to another list in the boardMove the card to another boardAssign a labelArchive the cardScreenshot 1: Checklist Bot setup : choose the location of the templates - in this case, the first list called "Template" stores the checklists templates cards. Each template card bears the name of the list it is associated with.Why use checklist templates?For users:Checklists are added only when needed as the card moves in the processNew checklists are added on top and clearly show the required actionsFor process designers:Templates can be stored in the board or grouped in a separate boardIt is a great way to setup and document your processChanges are available immediatelyWhy automate actions when an item is checked?For users:It is simpler than using the move or archive card buttonsNo need to think about what to do nextFor process designers:You can easily embed some process logic in the cards and avoid using Zapier integrationsIt works when items are checked via the APIScreenshot 2: When a card is created in the Inbox list, the bot automatically adds the Inbox checklist. Actions such as move, archive card or add label are availableWhy call it a bot?Automatic actions are performed by the Trello user who authorized the Checklist bot power-up.Once properly configured, the "bot" acts in the background until desactived.How do templates work?A checklist template is simply a card bearing the name of a list and containing one or more checklists.Card templates are usually stored in a list containing all the templates associated a board.Once you've told Checklist Bot where to look for the template you are all set.How do you program the bot actions?Checklist Bot detects actions after the keyword -> in text associated to checklist items.The following actions can be detected and launched:ActionDescriptionSyntaxlistMove the card to a list-> list(listName, position)listName: name of the target listposition (optional): location in the list the card will move. Possible values are *top** and bottom (default)*boardMove the card to a list in another board-> board(boardName, listName, position)boardName: name of the target boardlistName: name of the target listposition (optional): location in the list the card will move. Possible values are *top** and bottom (default)*archiveArchive a card. This action is reversible-> archive()labelAdd a label to the card. This action is reversible-> label(color, labelName)color: one of Trello standard colors (blue, green, orange, purple, red, yellow, sky, lime, pink, black)labelName: a text to display in the labelCheck out our demo board!If you want to try it, please make a copy of Hiring Process board.Then proceed with the following steps:Install the Checklist Bot power-upAdd Checklist Bot to the boardAuthorize the power-upConfigure the template locations1. Install the Checklist Bot power-upChecklist Bot will soon be available directly from Trello.Meanwhile you can add the power-up for your team using the administration siteSelect the team you want to assign the bot to and enter the following values in the Power-Up creation form:EntryValuePower-Up NameChecklist BotManifest URLhttps://checklist-bot.glitch.me/manifest.jsonA custom install is also possible for administrators: you are free to remix the Glitch project and use your own manifest or serve the power-up from your own NodeJs server.See Trello documentation on Power-ups and their administration2. Add Checklist Bot to the boardJust select it in Trello power-up menu3. Authorize the power-upSign-on with the Trello account you want to start the bot with and press the "tool" icon associated to the Checklist power-up. Authorize the power-up. Watch out, the popup screen might be blocked by your browser and you need to authorize popups originating from www.trello.com.4. Configure the location of the checklist templatesSelect "Edit Power-Up settings" and choose the location of the template board and the template list.By default, the template board is located in the current board.You can also select one of the boards visible to the bot user as the source of the templates.By default, the bot looks for the template list whose name is the same as the board name.If you select another list from the template board in the drop down menu, Checklist Bot will look there for cards bearing the name of the target lists.How did we build it?Using standard Javascript and guidelines provided by Trello for the client.The back-end is coded in NodeJs with Trello webhooks and hosted on Glitch.What happens on this side should be trusted.That's why we have chosen to make the code public and open-source.Security topicsWe have designed the Checklist Bot Power-Up with security in mind.The bot can be started by any member of the board.It then acts on behalf of this user and inherits her°his access rights. Any unauthorized access to a board or an action will simply be discarded.When the user grants the authorization, the token is stored in the private settings of the power-up and is not available to other users on the client side.An open-source projectChecklist Bot Power-Up  is an internship project of Louis Jeckel.The code is open-source and available on Github and GlitchWe have chosen to open-source it for many reasons:use it as a source of education for other students and prosgive visibility to Louis (who's looking for an internship next summer in Southern California) and to OCTO Technologyhelp detect and solve potential security leaksWe welcome future contributors. Please contact us or send us pull requests ;-)Challenges we ran intoMost of the challenges were related to security and properly managing the power-up settings and the associated Trello webhooks.Accomplishments that we are proud ofChecklist Bot is simple to tune, fast and works well ;-)It is live @OCTO and in the factory of one of our customers to organize the workshops. All the templates are stored in a single board which describes and programs (at the same time) the factory standard processes.Releasing the code in open-source is fun!Participating to Codegeist is fun and we are proud to present this product!What we've learnedWe've discovered Glitch - a great platform for testing NodeJs code - and maybe for hosting this power-up (time will tell)Padawan Louis learned a lot about writing clean code. He keeps on improving tests and code quality with the help of his software craftsmanship jedi Aurélien.What's next for Checklist Bot?Collect feedback from new users.Add new skills to the bot with a set of new actions: mail, http requests, create card, chat (it's a bot after all!) but we need to check first that it would not turn it into a bad bot.Write a post on OCTO blog to describe how we use Checklist Bot in real lifeAttract new contributorsCreditsPowered by OCTO Technology, 2017www.octo.comDesign & code by Louis Jeckel, Christophe Durand and Aurélien RambauxThe concept of checklist templates was inspired by Iain Brown' s Little Blue Monkey Pimp Your Trello Cards implemented on Google sheet. Thanks Iain for making it available and open source back in 2013!Built Withglitchhtmljavascriptnode.jsTry it outgithub.comglitch.comtrello.com      Submitted to    Atlassian Codegeist 2017    Created by  PO of the power-up and manager of Louis during his internship @ OCTOChristophe DURANDSenior Manager in an IT Consulting firm in Paris - Trello fanTech lead and advisor consultant.Aurélien RAMBAUXI coded the Power-Up itself and the backend Node.JS server. I discovered Node.JS and Trello Power-Ups a few weeks ago and I love it now !Louis Jeckel 
  
 JIRA is key when it comes to keeping teams in sync and moving projects forward. However, if you are a designer, heads down in Photoshop CC, InDesign CC, or Illustrator CC, saving your work, jumping over to JIRA represents a big context switch that can knock you out of your flow. 
 Swiss army knifePhoneAndroidBubbles 
  
 The entire team came up with the creativity that is in our amazing children’s app. So many ideas were brought up, but few made it to the initial app.Good team work ! 
 My father's clients are heavy SharePoint users. They are uploading documents to SharePoint for receipt tracking and they usually take pictures of the receipts with their phone. There isn't a quick and easy way to upload the photo to SharePoint from your phone. 
  
 We are computer science students and we, like many others, had to search for internships/co ops. It was a stressful time for us and our friends working out what jobs are good to apply to, and which offers are good to accept. It's difficult to know whether a San Fransisco, California job with high pay and very high living expenses is a better opportunity than a Hamilton, Ontario job with lower pay and much lower living costs. This results in students needing to spend many hours with Google and Excel trying to map out if jobs are good fits for them. 
 A simple solution to a great problem - just a tweet away <3 Creating a playlist for a party or an event can be hard! Sick of having people complain about the tracks on your playlist? Let the people do the selecting! No need to download an app, all you need is a Twitter account, a Spotify account, and great test in music :)  
  
  
 We, as a society, constantly need to "rapidly create" (read: wing) presentations. Starting today, we have the technology to do so. You're welcome. 
  
 The Hsuehshan Tunnel is the main artery between Taipei and Yilan, but it can be severely clogged. After researching, our team found there are two main reasons that cause the traffic congestion in Hsuehshan Tunnel. One is there's no tool for drivers to measure interval from the front vehicle objectively. Drivers usually keep too long interval to avoid breaking the laws. It lead to decrease of car flow in Hsuehshan Tunnel. The other is some drivers driving at improper speed results in clogging up traffic behind them and decrease average driving speed. Hence, we try to design a system that can solve the problems and increase car flow and average driving speed in Hsuehshan Tunnel.雪山隧道是連結台北與宜蘭的主要幹道，但令人煩惱的是它常常有嚴重塞車的情形。經過研究後我們發現有兩個主要原因造成雪山隧道的交通壅塞，第一個是因為駕駛沒有客觀工具可以判斷和前車的車距，因此駕駛很容易為了不要觸法而拉長車距，而導致雪山隧道的單位時間車流量減少，另一個原因是有些駕駛會開在不適當的速度(烏龜車)，堵住了後方的車輛，導致後方所有車輛的平均車速降低。因此，我們想要設計一套系統來解決這些問題，提升雪山隧道內的單位時間車流量和平均車速。 
 ალბათ ბევრს ქონია სურვილი მეგობართან ერთად საყვარელი ფილმისთვის ეყურებინა, მაგრამ იმის გამო რომ ფიზიკურად ისინი სხვადასხვა ადგილას იყვნენ, ეს პროცესი გაუმართავი, არასასიამოვნო და თითქმის შეუძლებელი იყო. გადავწყვიტეთ შეგვექმნა ვებ-გვერდი, სადაც ადამიანები შეძლებდნენ ერთად ეყურებინათ მათი საყვარელი ფილმებისთვის, მიუხედავად იმისა თუ სად იქნებოდნენ ისინი. 
  
 wells is a brainchild of a group of friends from Imperial College London and UCL. Being passionate about innovations in health tech and quantified self, we were surprised by how little our increasingly health-conscious society knows about one of the key parts of lifestyle - water intake. Drinking enough water is essential for maintaining our health and overall well-being. However, many people either do not realize the importance of water intake or simply do not know how much they should drink. Dehydration can contribute to an array of medical complications. Drinking enough water helps a balanced body and mind, making hydration equally important for athletes, scholars and patients alike. 
 California is the largest economy in the United States, it accounts for more than 13% of its gross state product (GSP) and by itself it's comparable to the many countries of the world. Its agriculture is a very important, multibillion dollar sector that consists of more than 75 000 farms and ranches that have been hurt by the recent droughts. To help fight the droughts modern day farms use large irrigation systems with vast water requirements. Smart management of this precious resource is a must.Luckily, with today’s technologies we can hack the solution. 
 We want to help peopleWe see that local people in Coastal area and Remote Islands having difficulty in planting horticulture because they face the problem of land limitations. We have an idea about making floating platform so people can grow their vegetables at coastal area.We inspired by GROASIS, Seawater Greenhouse, and Hamster Ball-Shaped Solarball. They can grow plants at desert area and have a pure water using desalination process.Hopefully this platform can help local people to reduce their dependence on supply from mainland, help them make their own food independence and also help to make more money from selling the harvest vegetables. We also can manage these process with supllying seed, provide consultation to user, and preparing the market to sell the vegetables. 
 Personal struggles to understand unnecessary expenses that could be directed into savings/investment. 
 The Set Protocol is a powerful tool for bundling together different sets of tokens. What was missing for us was an easy way to issue sets without holding the component tokens ahead of time. It can be time-consuming and tedious to make individual orders, especially for sets with many component tokens.With the 0x Protocol, we saw that it would be possible to greatly simplify the process of acquiring many different tokens which comprise a set. 
 Everybody is entitled to have access to cheap health services and medication. However, prescription drugs can sometimes prove to be expensive. With all the generic drugs that are available out there this doesn't always have to be the case and we want to make everybody aware of the options that are available to him/her. 
 We often see that people with low incomes are unable to afford the costly home surveillance system necessary to keep their homes protected. They leave their homes vulnerable when they are not at home or go on a vacation. This is a major issue in all countries, developed and developing.We came up with a solution to turn your old, cheap, unused smartphones into an effective smart home surveillance system. We used artificial intelligence and numerous web apis to make the surveillance system convenient and effective. The product is very intuitive and was designed so people without technological knowledge can use it to its full potential. 
  
 Recently I've had customers that are looking to improve their security posture. However they don't have visibility of individual users existing posture. Likewise when investigating an event there isn't a single view that gives a 360 degree view of a users security posture. This Microsoft User Security Evaluation Reporter solves these problems. 
 I was inspired by Cisco Spark API and the many use cases proposed. The idea of an online consultation assistant particularly caught my attention, and I decided to give it a go. 
 There are many non-profits and charities that need technological solutions, but lack the technical ability to solve these problems themselves. 
 to connect the community and technology. help people to start up the business with technology and data analysis. 
 Augmented reality is a emerging technology with great potential in the area of education, but it has yet to be fully utilized in a practical and cost-effective way. 
  
 Transactions on the blockchain are pseudonymous. It's easy to track spending patterns of individuals / companies - which is non-ideal for some industries. Also, we were curious to have a protocol similar to ZCash on ethereum. 
  
 We wanted to address Data_Dave's challenge to allow community input to affect the content of the stream.A Twitch stream's chat is the primary means for a streamer to interact with their community, so we decided to focus on improving this interaction.As viewers, we are familiar with scenarios where streamers ask their viewers what they should do next - whether they're playing a horror game and asking which way to go (left or right?), or playing an RPG and letting viewers influence their play-through.Most commonly, when streamers ask these questions they just watch chat and try to decide what seems more popular - although this makes for an entertaining chat, many viewers voices aren't heard as chats are so large.Inspired by this common interaction between streamer and viewer, we created Ok Gamers! 
  
 Fetch was inspired by those crazy nights, stumbling home in need of food. Food apps have proved a bit too complicated to navigate when you've had too wild of a night, but with Fetch all a customer needs to do is send a message and Fetch will retrieve your food like a loyal hound retrieves the paper. 
 We wanted to do something interesting with Alexa, so we decided to make a skill. We noticed that while you can use Alexa to stream movies and music to your TV, you can't control your computer's laptop with it. So we decided to make this system! 
 When you come to SF, the first thing you run into is garbage bins. Well, we’ve been here for a year. And we’re still stuck trying to guess which stuff goes where. 
 Only 3% of cold emails receive responses. These responses can range from "Yes", "No" to "Hell No". I know this because I've been doing enterprise sales for the past 3 years. All the sales experts recommend taking time to research your prospect and compose a very personalized message that is full of context, mutual interest, and a compelling reason to connect. The problem is that it can take nearly 20 - 45 minutes to send one great email.  
 After reading the problem statement and chatting to Harry yesterday, who has worked in Fisheries for several years, we realised that there was a pressing need for a faster way to measure and record information about fish. The current procedure involves manually measuring several properties, recording the data offline, and then manually transcribing it into a spreadsheet for data analysis. We knew there had to be a better way.How it worksBy using state of the art computer vision technology, we are able to measure the length of a fish placed on our special board by using an overhead camera. Using this technique, and by averaging multiple readings and rejecting anomalies, we can obtain an average accuracy of +-5mm, which much better than the vast majority of manual readings, and significantly faster [approximately 1 second measurement time per fish]. We automatically upload this information to a public website which we have developed (visible here: http://fishotron.fyquah.me/ ) , where people can see information about the fish, as well as edit it. This enables simple, real-time auditing from interested organisations, as well as an easy way to increase engagement with the public, as they can discover just where their fish came from, using uploaded GPS data.Challenges and solutionsComputer vision is difficult! We initally tried to create tracking points (known as 'fiducial markers') by hand, and then identify them. However this was extremely challenging, and did not allow us to differentiate separate tracking points. By switching to using an external library, integrated into our code, we can very precisely track the location, rotation, ID and skew of multiple points in real time - allowing our software to work, even when the camera is not precisely positioned over the paper.Accomplishments that we are proud ofLearning to use OpenCV was great fun - it's a beautifully designed library, with a host of awesome features. We also levelled up our C++ know-how, and also our engineering-using-only-contents-of-office-stationary-cabinet skills.What we learnedTalk to people who know what they're doing - who know what the process is, and who will be able to tell you if your idea is useful in the real world!Built Withbulldog-clipsc++hardwareopencvpythonrulerss3tapeTry it outfishotron.fyquah.me      Submitted to    Fishackathon 2015Winner                Global Panel Judged - Barcelona, Spain - Announced on July 10, 2015                  Created by  Worked on the identification of the tags, and real-time scaling based upon them, as well as physical hardware construction and feature planning.Tom HartleyWorked on integration of the components and a real-time web frontendFlorian RathgeberComputational scientist at ECMWF. Pythonista. Cyclist. Open Source / Open Data developer. PyDataLondon co-organiser. taarifa.org Co-Founder. 
 In a world of roller-coaster crypto volatility, we turned to Dai for stability. With the emergence of interest generating instruments born through layers of collateralization on crypto native synthetic assets, we are entering a phase of interest rate volatility. Introducing LSDai, for your escape to a peace of mind: earn Compound interest on your collateral with rDai, while providing liquidity for hedges against variable Compound interest.  Empirical studies from traditional finance have shown the adverse impact of variability in interest rates (the “price” of money) on the real economy. Accordingly, interest rate swap, used by non-financial firms in the management of the interest rate risk of their debt, is one of the most important fixed-income instrument in the trading and hedging of interest rate risk. An alternative to interest rate swap, Eurodollar futures, is the biggest and most liquid futures market traded in the US by volume. We have seen recent wild swings of Compound interest on Dai, going from 5% to peaking over 16% within a month. With the emergence of DeFi stack, more synthetic crypto assets composed of native assets are created and then rebundled on the Ethereum tech stack, enabling new possibilities while introducing complex interdependencies into the system. This is why we are creating LSDai.market, for hedgers and speculators to take leveraged long and short positions on Dai interest rates without borrowing by simply buying and selling LongDi and ShortDi tokens. 
 It's a long story, but we were at Foodclique and we ordered food. Japanese food came first, it was soft shell crab rice with $1 chicken katsu add on. After the first bite, although it didn't taste like dog, but it reminded me of dogs. Don't know why. One thing led to another and a few hours later, Doggify was born. Out of a soft shell crab.  
 BLHD 
 On the surface, it seems like whenever some headline comes about about a new product or service, markets react. Our original goal was to use Google's AutoML Natural Language classifier to create a model that could determine whether or not a certain index would go up or down based on the headlines from that day. However, API rate limits prevented us from getting enough headlines to create a reasonable dataset for our ML. Because of this, we decided to pivot to the next most interesting thing that could be toying with the market: Trump's tweets. 
 When I was doing a public health research in Asia and pacific islands, I saw many children were hospitalized in local hospital. I asked why, and I realized that they were seriously dehydrated because of diarrhea.Every year, diarrhea kills 525,000 children under five.What is the top cause of fatal diarrhea in infants and children?It’s rotavirus. Rotavirus accounts for about 40 percent of deaths from diarrhea among children, and that is 215,000 deaths worldwide.Vaccination is a powerful solution, but it’s too expensive and it doesn’t guarantee perfect prevention of the virus (its vaccine efficacy is about 70 ％ in the developing countries).Rotaviral gastroenteritis is also a serious public health problem in developed countries. The disease is ubiquitous, affecting nearly all children by the age of 5 years. It is the most common cause of hospitalizations for gastroenteritis among children in the United States and is associated with direct and indirect costs of approximately $1 billion per year. 
 The upcoming election season is predicted to be drowned out by mass influx of fake news. Deepfakes are a new method to impersonate famous figures saying fictional things, and could be particularly influential in the outcome of this and future elections. With international misinformation becoming more common, we wanted to develop a level of protection and reality for users. Facebook's Deepfake Detection Challenge, which aims to crowdsource ideas, inspired us to approach this issue. 
  
 The goal of the Internet of Things (IoTs) is to make everyday objects connected and smarter to shape our environment. Currently, every device requires internet-connected electronics. This model is not scalable or affordable. There are off-the-shelf products that exist, which are not internet-connected, however have wireless infrastructure. Our project aims to exploit these devices to build an Internet hub that acts as a gateway for the rest of the not-so-smart devices. Our example target is a set of electrical outlets are both easily accessible on Amazon and controllable by a 433 MHz signal (non-WiFi), commonly used for home lighting automation. 
 The OSU Course Explorer is a wonderful tool for getting the opinion of other students regarding the difficulty and time-commitment required for various courses. Despite that, lots of students still go on the slack and the subreddit to ask the question: Should I take theses classes together? With a desire to learn Python and a willingness to be challenged, we stepped up to solve this problem. 
  
 DeFi space is fragmented. Several DeFi platforms but majority lacks good documentation and technical support; thus making it difficult for other developers to access and leverage on these platforms. 
 We love memes. We also think that finding people who like the same type of memes as you do is hard. We want to fix that. We threw together a good UX and some AI magic to bring you Meme Space, a new way to meet friends through memes.  
  
 CAPTCHA is a mechanism to verify that a user is actually human, and not a bot that tries to spam a website or an app, by asking the user the write the letters that appear on an image.CAPTCHAs suck. They often look like this:and it can be super hard for a legit user to pass CAPTCHAs. 
 Think of BringIt! as Uber for things; but instead of transporting people, BringIt! delivers items. As a crowd-sourcing delivery system, the users determine the details of the order. The deliverer could be near the purchase point and has plans to pass by the drop-off location. The goal is that the bring-along wouldn't affect the deliverer's plans and save the item requester's the time to retrieve the item themselves. How it worksAny user, once logged in, can "Ask for Something" to be delivered to his/her vicinity. Alternatively, they can search for items that can be bought near them and look up their destinations, as well as the fee for its delivery. Once a deliverer accepts to "BringIt", the two users can see each other's contact info and message back and forth to confirm the details.What we learntWe learnt how to implement Node.js for the website. We also wrote our own APIs for the website in order to ease communication between functionalities. We learned how to parse JSON from an API generated webpage as well as how to implement Handlebars for more a dynamic webpage.Challenges we encounteredThere was difficulty setting up Node.js because we didn't experience with it. One of the challenges was to choose what would be a minimal viable product that we can deliver because we had a limited amount of time and an abundant number of features we wanted to implement. We also did an extensive amount of research on TripAdvisor APIs but determined it was unfit for our scenario. What's nextWe would like to implement a rating system so that dishonest people would be banned from using our services. In addition, there will be a secure payment system with Stripe in the near future. There can also be a chat system to allow instant communication between users.Built Withamazon-web-servicesbootstrapcssexpress.jsfirebasefontawesomegoogle-mapsgoogleapishtmlhtml5javascriptjquerynode.jspm2tripadvisorTry it outgithub.comjacobgagne.com      Submitted to    McHacks 2016    Created by  Did front end for Google Maps and general aesthetics of the website. Worked with HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript & Node.js.Darrin FongSoftware DeveloperI worked mostly on the models with firebase. I also worked on the views and added the ability of live content on the site meaning the app never has to be refreshed. I also worked on the design of the application and the Google API implementations.Jacob GagneCame up with the idea of crowd-sourcing delivery system. Worked with HTML, CSS, and Bootstrap.Cheryl LiI mostly worked on the backend which consisted of creating an API using Node.js for routing and server related stuff and BackFire for our Database management. Later I also connected our API scripts to frontend actions.Benjamin Barault 
  
 To provide a low-cost method to educate children in Kenya about STEM and robotics. 
  
 Mozart may write his sonatas in C, but my C is just not as good. So, I wrote mine in Python. I've always built webapps and I just finished an ML class so I wanted to try it out. Plus, now we can see if art can be scientifically generated? 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 TODO: Drawing from the diverse strengths within an organization.How it worksHover over the mosaic on the homepage and click on a member's image. You will be taken to their profile which highlights their unique strengths.Challenges I ran intoWe had multiple issues with framework (the backend is not fully executed) and initiating concept, but were able to be flexible.Accomplishments that I'm proud ofMaking a workable prototype within the limited timeframe.What I learnedHow to effectively collaborate and be flexible with expectations.What's next for Diversity MosaicCustomizing our design for other organizations.      Submitted to    We Code: Women's Hackathon    Created by  Facilitated tasks, planned schedule, initiated check-ins. Supported multiple framework iterations and code revisions. Co-presented purpose, prototype and demo.Kegan SanchezHelped write the questions, the CSS and HTML.Mary Ann AschenbrennerWebsite designer and developer focused on projects for small businesses and nonprofit organizations.Content Creator & PresenterRowena TchaoFront-end. Framework started with back-end.Tab MemmottWorked on some of the Front End, coded the clickable mosaic. Sharay GrimesEmily BrownKaitlyn CrawleyKaren MillerMichelle Levine 
  
 For a greater workplace. Nous croyons qu'un bon environnement de travail passe surtout par l'interaction humaine entre les différents individus. C'est pourquoi nous avons tiré nos inspirations directement d'Officevibe, de Leo et de Facegame. Nous voulions apporter une solution clés en main pour faciliter les rencontres à l'interieur même d'une entreprise. 
 A picture is worth a thousand words, and in our current position as web developers, our clientsand colleagues often email us images or screenshots of their expectations or of our tasks. Keeping trackof these images is difficult, as Outlook has no built in search functionality to retrieve embedded images,and we often need to resort to manually clicking through a number of emails to find the file we need.Enter Dremo. Dremo provides the capability to quickly find the particular image or images you need at any givenmoment, saving you from the click-through time and time again. Less time scouring = more time productive. Search down, productivity up. 
 -Disney Movie Big Hero Six -Elder care is projected to be approximately $319 billion in the US alone by 2016 accoring to Forbes. Using wearable and robot can save a lot of cost and man power. 
 The Weasley Clock from Harry Potter. Living together with two other roommates, we also wanted to quickly know where people were, like if someone was doing groceries, or who was at home already! 
  
  
  
 Although finding recipes online is easier than ever nowadays, it's annoying to look up every single step (and touch your screen with chicken on your hands) when you are trying out a new recipe in the kitchen. We wanted to experiment with a recipe app that uses voice, rather than just images and text. We believed it would make cooking much easier! 
 The automotive industry has spent years trying to improve driver safety by enabling features that simplify operation and take responsibility from the driver. This, combined with the growing amount of distractions due to mobile tech is arguably creating inferior drivers and a hazardous environment for others.We think that by providing metrics for driver awareness and mood, we can inspire positive changes in driving habits and an added appreciation for driving smart and safe. 
 The original concept was developed by the Company's founder, Nick Jones, while looking for a better way to journal.  From his own experience, and from countless interviews with highly successful people, Nick understood the many benefits of keeping a personal record of one's daily life and experiences.  Unfortunately, after testing every well-known journaling product available, Nick struggled to find a platform that fit his needs.  Specifically, he wanted a solution that was:   Portable (available for both Web and mobile)   Easy to use   Easy to manage   Flexible (supporting multiple platforms, email integrations, etc.)   Designed to handle both public and private journal types   Built with features to simplify collaboration and sharing of public entries   Capable of exporting content or publishing to a hardbound bookWhat is JRNL?At JRNL, we believe that Life is Worth Recording, and that by keeping and reflecting upon past experiences, we can better address future challenges.  JRNL was built to record life’s memorable moments as they happen.  With solutions available for both Web and mobile, and an easy to use input interface, JRNL lets users record their thoughts, upload content, and reflect on past entries and experiences no matter the time or the place.  In addition to private journaling, users can share content and collaborate with others to create a more complete record of events, history, projects and interests.  JRNL goes well beyond basic journal creation and documentation, providing helpful prompts and reminders to motivate users to document key events, milestones and historic moments.  In addition, the platform provides for the organization and production of any journal into a personalized, beautifully crafted hardbound book.Why Journal?Journaling is a valuable self improvement tool, which helps to enhance one's outlook and approach to relationships, spirituality, career and family.  Whether it be a private journal used for personal self-reflection, or a public or semi-public journal shared with others, JRNL makes it easy to record, review and manage your history.Popular Journal Topics & Areas of Interest Include:   Personal Diaries (Daily Log)   Self Improvement Journals (Fitness, Diet, Health, Addiction)   Career Journals (Job Notes, Training)   Faith Journals (Spirituality, Testimony Building and Confirmation)    Lifestyle Journals (Travel, Cooking, Entertaining, Food)   Event Journals (Reunions, Milestones, Holidays)   Family Journals (History, Genealogy, Record Keeping)Why choose JRNL?With JRNL, you have complete control of your journaling experience. Your entries are secure, private and can be accessed at any time across all your devices. You can even e-mail entries to your journal so you never miss a beat.  In addition, JRNL incorporates a variety of features and inspirational prompts to help our users overcome writer's block and to achieve their journaling goals.We also offer a complete publishing interface, allowing users to organize entries, images and content into books.  Through this unique set of tools, our users’ most cherished and valued memories can be brought to life and forever preserved in the form of beautiful hardbound books.History & TeamJRNL launched a Beta offering in October of 2015.  To date, it has registered just over 65,000 users who, in turn, have created over one million unique posts.  It's important to note that the product is "in the wild" and we are iterating and making improvements based upon user feedback.The platform is supported by an experienced team of developers and operators, with multiple successful ventures, numerous industry awards (over 40 combined), and well over $4 Billion in value created.Key members include:Nick Jones - Founder, Lead Visionary   16+ Years Management, Marketing & Operations Experience    Brand Consultant to Wrangler, Special Olympics & Mandalay ResortsSteve Reed - Co-Founder, Lead Designer   13+ Years Branding and Graphic / Web Design Experience   Past work recognized by Wired and MSNBCJay Goodwin - Chief Architect   16+ Years Senior Software Development Experience    Previous teams have won dozens of industry awardsGlenn Argenbright - Advisor & Board Member   19+ Years Executive Experience   Six High Value Exits as Founder or CEO – 3 IPOs / 3 AcquisitionsHow it was builtOur product team consists of seven designers and developers working out of two distinct locations, separated by a two hour time differential.  Fortunately, the team was broken into two groups, each with a unique set of skills and responsibilities.  One team focused on backend processes and all Web application development, while the other team focused on Mobile development and front-end UI design.  This allowed us to minimize the impact of working with two remote development teams. The remote nature of the team also impacted certain design decisions.  Realizing that we wanted multi-platform compatibility and a consistent user experience, we decided to go with a microservices based architecture.  The Web platform was originally built as a single page application, using the React Javascript Framework.  The app communicates with the Web Server via http and https calls, to a Django based backend.  For mobile, we originally used Xamarin Forms, communicating via http and https to the same backend as our Web application.  We will likely move away from Xamarin in the future.For data storage, we use a mix of three technologies.  Specifically, MariaDB, Elasticsearch, and Redis.  We opted to use a cloud based hosting provider, so that we could rapidly scale resources as needed, and to reduce ongoing operational overhead.Challenges We EncounteredTeam:  Operating remote teams presents numerous challenges.  We’ve had to work hard to avoid or minimize communication breakdowns, scheduling misunderstandings (due to time zones), unclear design requirements, poor prioritization, faulty expectations, focus drift, feature creep, and overall clarity of the product vision.  Additionally, team members varied significantly in terms of both overall experience and technical knowledge, which was only amplified by the remote nature of our work environments.  This necessitated additional time for training and education, as well as a more structured communication methodology.Tech:  On the Web app side, the choice of React was a risk due to its relative lack of maturity as a platform, combined with our own learning curve and an associated lack of available documentation, best practices, and other materials relating to the platform.  As an example, we initially chose to use the React Flux framework provided by Facebook, combined with datastore and API abstraction libraries with which we were already familiar.  This proved challenging, because the tools lacked maturity, and because we were attempting to use old methodologies (depending on old libraries), rather than leveraging the various benefits inherent in React.  After a few false starts, we settled on Redux as a full replacement for all existing datastores, which proved prescient given that the React community has now, for the most part, settled on Redux as a best practices approach.Product:  Initially, we designed the product as a single-user private journaling tool but, as the product progressed, we recognized a real need for private, semi-public and public journals, offering the ability to share content and collaborate with others, in order to create a more complete record.  However, through this process, we soon learned that sharing and collaboration, at least in terms of journaling, is not nearly as simple and obvious as initially thought.  One obvious challenge revolves around content ownership.  In a private journal, it is quite obvious who owns the content, but that understanding breaks down as soon as you share the content with others and allow them to contribute to the journal.  As an example, if I invite Sally to collaborate on a specific event or entry, who then owns the content - both of us, neither, me, or Sally?  Taking this even further, if I invite her to collaborate on my journal, can she then invite others to collaborate as well?  When we first started talking about sharing, we found that each person looked at it differently, depending on their experience.  Some focused on social sharing (Facebook and other social networks), some focused on permission-based sharing (Dropbox), and still others focused on email or other legacy-based sharing options (forums, listservs, etc.).  In fact, it’s become clear to us that journaling presents its own challenges with respect to both sharing and collaboration, and we had to create rules and functionality to account for each of the three paradigms mentioned above, while at the same time making sure that our users understand the implications of such actions with regards to their content.Accomplishments We're Proud OfThere are many things that we’re proud of as a team.  For the most part, such items can be broken out into two categories - inward facing, “operational” issues, and outward facing, “product” issues.Operational items include:   The successful management of remote development teams   The ability to attract “top tier” talent on a limited budget   The ability to address and account for complex sharing issues far beyond other offerings   That we’ve remained true to our core principals.  We always respect user privacy, even when looking at concepts such as sharing and collaboration.  This is very different from Facebook and other well-known social platformsProduct items include:   The knowledge that we’ve helped many families capture their history and produce books creating a generational link for the future   The creation of unique habit building tools, and their impact on journaling (as evidenced by the total volume of posts created)   The many ways we’ve simplified and made journaling more accessibleWhat We LearnedMost of what we’ve learned thus far is the direct result of user feedback.  Through research, surveys, and unsolicited user comments, we know there is a great demand for reminders, prompts and other tools to maximize the journaling experience.  In fact, habit creation tools and other prompts to battle writer’s block, and to encourage daily activity, are among the most often requested items from our users. We’ve also learned that this is a complex problem.  This explains why existing solutions continue to struggle when it comes to addressing key areas of concern.  This fact is further complicated by the reality that any associated product must be easy to use - otherwise, users won’t journal on a regular basis.  However, as one might expect, building simple solutions for complex problems is no small task.  We believe that current rates of user adoption (65k+ beta users) and high levels of daily engagement (1M+ posts), show that we’re on the right path.What's Next For JRNL?As noted above, we are currently expanding our sharing and collaboration toolsets.  In addition, we plan to greatly expand our current “habit building tools,” offering specialized categories and subcategories so that users can customize the prompts they are likely to see.  This work will also tie in to customized journaling types and templates (camping, cooking, travel, fitness, diet, etc.).  We are also looking at ways that people might contribute to journals through voice / text transcription through the mobile app (or via a microphone).  We also plan to add various legacy components in 2016, allowing users to send individual messages (or complete journals) to friends and family members at some predetermined date in the future (or upon the completion of certain triggering events).Built Withdjangoelasticsearchmariadbnode.jsreactredisreduxxamarinTry it outwww.jrnl.com      Submitted to    RootsTech Innovator Showdown    Created by  Brand, project creation, fund raising, team building, management, and every other hat that goes with a startup.Nick JonesBranding, web design, UX/UI, front-end development, and marketing materials for JRNL.Steve ReedJay GoodwinAmy VelozJay Goodwin 
 Everyone has those friends who just add you to their group chats, and then you get incessantly flooded with notifications. After muting conversations, you'll miss invitations and key messages, mainly because you didn't see them. Now there's a way to manage your notifications and be sure that you miss out.It was especially helpful for the TreeHacks Slack group. Especially since we're hacking, we preferred not to be notified much, or spend time just to see where lunch is. It also helped us find out that a guy just dropped off an Echo in the hardware booth, and we promptly intercepted it from another team. :DWe also built this for accessibility. Most people with vision disorders or physical disabilities have a hard time talking to their friends (since most of us use instant messaging, not calls). Our project would allow these people to have the Echo talk to them and basically act as their social assistant. 
 This year (2015) people living in South Minneapolis have filed a record-amount of complaints of aircraft noise. Each complaint requires a phone call. As an engineer working in the IoT industry, I believe the residents of any neighborhood near an Airport could benefit from a small, cheap solution that can identify when an aircraft flies over their house and files a complaint for them.  
 A herding mini game inspired by the classic Playstation game Rugrats. Bringing back the classic on a VR twist. 
 