While making this project I learned the concepts of firebase as a backend, and how to do testing with the help of firebase.   
  
 Gamification - applying for social product to be used by massParking dynamics and market analysisAutomation of parking workflow to empower hassle-free parking with no manual intervention 
  
 Atlassian SDK, API best practices. 
 How to develop an Android Application (First experience) 
 While making this project I learned the concepts of firebase as a backend, and how to do testing with the help of firebase.   
  
 Gamification - applying for social product to be used by massParking dynamics and market analysisAutomation of parking workflow to empower hassle-free parking with no manual intervention 
  
 Atlassian SDK, API best practices. 
 How to develop an Android Application (First experience) 
 Transmission of data over BLE.Working with 6-axis gyroscope and accelerometer, Next trail would be with a magnetometer.Great experience of learning the working of Arduino101 with Intel Curie library.Image processing using OpenCV Python library. 
 More learning about neural networks. This is a relatively small project that we were able to complete to be submitted on time. But we worked on MRI scan, CT scan and X-ray scan to do some extremely interesting work related to abnormality in brain including stroke and lungs. 
  
 Various algorithms and it's implementation 
  
 It’s always great to plan everything beforehand, but it’s not how things are usually done. The last minute hustle is what brings the idea to life.  
  
  
 We learned a lot by working on a real-world project and all the members of team has the spirit of learning by doing. 
  
  
 Apart from a technical aspect, UI/UX management on different screen size of devices. 
 All concepts used here were new to us. Two people on our time are first-time hackathon-ers and learned completely new technologies in the span of 36hrs. We learned Javascript, Python, flask servers and AI services. 
 I learned Android Studio and OpenCV usage with learning of Java integrating Flir SDk 
  
  
 Implementing Kin itself was a huge learning curve for our skills. It gives us a chance to experience making a server for the game and learned how the client side communicates with the created server and the created server authenticates the signatures provided by the client transactions and then sends back and forth to the Blockchain server.Build withThe project is built using Unity Engine which provides all the development tools for implementing Kin. Moreover Kin, as stated before, is officially partnering with Unity Technologies which gives Unity Developers a headstart, and the flawless active communities and support gave the opportunity to everyone to try the Kin provoking milestones for themselves.More informationKin’s foundation is playing a key role in delivering crypto currency to users with the help of communities like Unity Technologies which is collaborating with Kin. This process has become achievable. Kin lets you reward users in ways that matter to them - improving long-term engagement and retention. For players, it enables earning and spending of kin in games, participation in challenges like competing high-scores and keeping track of Kin balances.Built WithandroidapiblockchainkinunityTry it outplay.google.comdrive.google.com      Submitted to    Kin Crypto ChallengeWinner                Honorable Mentions                   Created by  Steve ThijssenArjen van GaalProduct Developer 
  
 How to think for any practical problems and come up with solutions. First think about solution which can use existing infrastructure so new solution can cost less. Many new think about machine learning like overfitting issues, training and validation data issue.   
  
 To help local authorities and residents to find new ways to improve road safety in Indore. Ford gave a new thought that using new technologies we can increase awareness among people in regard to public transport so that road accidents are prevented and air/noise pollution is reduced. We learnt to improve Road safety by use of public transport. 
  
 We learned a great deal more about fake news, and NLP in particular. 
 I learned much more about UI/UX than I already knew. I was also blinded because I never knew about the blur layer built in Xcode. Now I have learned a lot about that as well as I started researching about UI design for iOS. I also gained a lot of knowledge about Firebase and the functionality of its storage system.  
  
  
 Teamwork is one of the most important issues for creating a new concept and product. Of course, it also need an excellent leader and a clear vision for the team. 
  
  
 Everything takes twice as long as you think it should. 
  
 How to fetch reports as & when a specific requirement arises. 
 Azure provides a comprehensive ecosystem to connect devices and automate processes. With IoT Hub, Service Bus, Logic Apps and Functions it is possible to configure a new use case in a matter of hours as against days with other conventional approaches.While BLE is a promising technology for indoor navigation elaborate care need to be taken to ensure that the beacons and receivers are properly calibrated and necessary algorithm has been put in place to weed out noise because of interference from other radio sources. 
 Location services are still much harder than they should be for adding in data beyond what is already online in existing systems. 
 We have learned a whole new set of skills ranging from building a home to hearing about new terms like MQTT and Mosquitto. We have learned that ARTIK is a powerful tool with immense future. We effectively edited the mosquitto configuration file to listen on multiple ports so we could manage to connect 8 devices (edge devices) to the mighty powerful ARTIK. Working on creating dashboard gave us an insight into the effort required to come up human-centric design that is user friendly and interactive.Data analytics and intelligent cloud management on SAMIIO Cloud enlightened us with the IoT ecosystem and how data can be analysed more lively and intelligent insights can be processed.But most importantly we have learned that our solution has great potential and with teamwork and dedication a lot can be achieved. 
 It is possible to create integration in a very short period if you have enough of RedBull.  
  
  
 Machine learning procedure and its techniques. 
 Heading into this project, we knew that tourism travel is more flexible than the commuter trips Metropia normally targets in urban areas, but even we were shocked by the results of a survey on holiday traffic taken by Taipei drivers. Over 70% of survey respondents indicated that they were willing to travel at a different time, change to a different destination, or both if it meant avoiding the heavy congestion that plagues the Hsuehshan Tunnel. The pain of holiday and weekend traffic to Yilan was resounding, and the public's willingness to change destinations gave us a clear directive to pursue this new feature in our app.Aside from the additional reduction in traffic, guiding people to consider fun attractions around Taipei helps boost local tourism and creates a more vibrant economy within parts of the city that aren't typically seen as holiday destinations. 
 Using open source API'sHow different PCB's workHow to incorporate hardware and software together 
 The effective usage of Microsoft Graph API can be used to build innovative solutions which can tackle world's biggest problems. 
 I learned almost every automation is possible using UiPath, You just need to identify the way of doing it. 
  
 We can encounter world problems with tech tools to make a change.Different people around the world can unite and make positive impact on the world. 
 Using Microsoft Azure Custom Vision ServicesTraining Image recognition modelsBeing able to understand Artificial intelligence concepts and Data science concepts too.Understanding the process of Malaria DiagnosisHaving a full understanding of how malaria threatens man kind in different parts of the world 
 Going live ASAP is important to get user feedback. We have kept many features out yet so we can go live and get feedback and add more stuff. 
 Through the development of this game , we learned more about task and time management. We built our first AI ( Single player mode ) and learned to manage external libraries and assets and integrate them into our game  
 Friendship, commitment, discipline, respect and hard work, they are the perfect combination to success 
 How to code with the Alexa-skills-kit and how to publish a full fetched skill.Very much aware about Google Analytics API along with some other APIs as well.How to use Amazon-lambda, Amazon-DynamoDB, Amazon-CloudWatch. 
  
 While it may seem a little overwhelming at first using AWS, it really can help decrease the amount of time needed for development. What once felt like the impossible, turned out to be super easy and efficient once we got over how many things we could choose from. 
 We are particularly proud of the website that was made entirely from scratch. It was a particularly nice experience to visually create the site the way we wanted it to look. 
 Throughout the process of coding LITT, we learned a lot about Google API as it is vital in the functioning of our application. We also learned more about Android Studio and how to use Python as well as Django to create and link a server with the application. We learned to work as a team and delegate tasks amongst everyone in order to get more  
 How to handle threading in Android Studio using Async Task, as well as implementing communication between foreground and background services. Additionally, we learned the importance of dynamic team work and collaborating using agile development methodologies.  
  
  
 WixCode syntax and API calls, Azure services, classifying videos is harder than it looks. 
 Never give up. Everything can be done. There is always a solution to every problem. Deadlines are your best friends. 
  
 This is a good idea that we are using SMS features and chat-bots to serve marginalized people that do not have access to smart phones and internet especially those from the provinces. NLP and Chat-bots are difficult to backend as it requires an in depth understanding of different kinds of language models and computations.the NetDoc+ team will continue to work hard to help contribute in solving the HIV crisis in the country and hopefully in the world.https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/10MYWzQjRy8mjcVRLDVN1fZNXoR6ShJYZzhkHvQwQi_c/edit?usp=sharingBuilt Withbootstraphtmljqueryw3Try it outgithub.com      Submitted to    #codeathon 2017: Technopreneurship for Gender EqualityWinner                University: Overall Winning Team (Global)                  Created by  I worked as the project manager of the app. I have a passionate vision towards the improvement of sexual health services in the philippines and eliminate the stigma of AIDS and HIVNandario NandeyoJason DeichmannTommy Botabarakayletiu 
 I really learnt a lot about Android Studio and working with Java and Parse. 
  
 The value of friendshipAndroid development 
 UI / UXYoutube Video APIBetter DesigningNeed for a team Kotlin Language 
 I have learned how to configure a Facebook Messenger bot by doing this app and how to use mathjs library. I also learned that the limit of programming is yourself. If you think you can't do something, is because you have not tried hard.Beta Testers?Facebook has approved the bot :) Go straight and test the bot ;)CommandsHere is a list of examples of available commands for this bot:To graph a function:graph: x^2To simplify a fraction or equation:simplify: 10/4To solve complex numbers:complex: 2i + 5i - 4 + 12To derivate an equation:derivate: x^2 + 5x + 2To get LCM between two numbers (BETA, does not work with more than 2 numbers):lcm: 4,6To get GCD between two numbers (BETA, does not work with more than 2 numbers):gcd: 4,6To get Extended Euclidean Algorithm between two numbers:xgcd: 4,6To convert from an unit to another unit:convert: 5 m to kmTo solve an equation for X:solve: x-1 = 0To calculate an indefinite integral:integrate: x^2BETA: Solve using images:Write in a document the following examples and snap them without any other text (all of them separatly):Graph: x^2Solve: x + 2 = 0Simplify 10/4Take in mind that sometimes it will not work because it is still on beta phase.To get all this command on the chat, just write helpTo do a simple Math operation, you don't need any command, just tell it right away. For example: 5+5*6 
 A renewed inspiration for making fun hacks. 
 How to organize a project and prioritize my time efficiently! 
 With IOT Hub Azure provides a comprehensive solution to integrate devices securely and seamlessly. It is fairly simple to define backend integration logic allowing us to focus on the overall solution. 
  
  
 Anything is possible as long as we have science and math backing it up, followed by the passion to solve a common man problem. 
  
 A large amount. Lots of C# and Unity experience, and more than a little calculus. 
  
 We learned various aspect of Internet of Things. Initially we have planned to make only a prototype of the system for presentation in Intel hacks 2017 but because of stubborn behaviour of our director and head of department, they bring out an industrial product out of it. It was their determination which forced us to learn more and explore new things (Thanks to them). 
  
 I learned to develop android apps using ionic, got handy with javascript 
  
 Many organisations are running JIRA Cloud and many are running JIRA Server with access to the wider internet. However, larger organisations are running everything behind the firewall. If you want your plugin to be widely accepted within enterprise then you need to account for this at the beginning. 
 We talk with a lot of people about what is the best part ant the worst part moving every day in Mexico City, we learn a lot about their concerns, where they move and how they do it, why they choose one option instead other one. And all the results were developed in CITYSCOPE 
 We learned how good a synchronized team can work together, and how productive this could be! New technologies and skills we developed on the flow in order to accomplish the end of the challenge.  
  
 Patience and resilience. 
  
  
  
 I learned how to accept http requests from web pages that are being accessed from file:// origins, so that there is no need to serve it over localhost. 
 Callback hell in JS 
  
 HTMLCSSJQuery 
  
 Being an entrepreneur is very challenging & satisfying. 
  
 Google Places Geo Data API for Android to provide autocomplete suggestions.Google Map API for write routes. 
 We learnt to implement a real time graph in the android application. We learned to configure an existing server and to also upload and download data. 
 -Artik's capabilities-Go programming language-NATS messaging system-Web and app development-Video editing-Collaborating and effectively communicating ideas amongst team members 
 We've learned a lot about git and the Google Maps API 
  
 Things I learned are,Azure IOT Hub serviceDocker ContainersAzure Custom Vision module creation and debugging the exported files. Creating and debugging Azure Functions from Visual Studio Code.Tillio API. 
  
 The main and primary factor for a great skill is the dialogue design and not the technical implementation. 
 I learned Swift swiftlyHow to tweetSome PythonWhat a backend API isApple is super finicky about developer accountsLarge companies are not always competent (not saying any names (cough IBM); we don't condone gossip here)It's better to write something yourself than to use something pre-made that doesn't workHow to draw (See attached; please hire me Im basically an expert now)YOU CAN FRICKEN DRAG A FILE INTO A TERMINAL AND IT COPIES THE PATH!!! AWESOME!!!! (thanks python mentor dude Johnnnnn!) 
 There is a lot of variety and very little standard in the ways that REST APIs do authentication.24 hours is a short time but with Meteor we can get a lot done :-) 
 Before this, we never had to come up with something from nothing, there was always a foundation and then we just played ball until we hit home run, but this time was not like that at all. We were amateurs (still are) so we were practically clueless about even starting, like where do we even begin? What are we supposed to fix? It was a huge setback for us in the beginning because all of the sudden, we all had differing opinions on what was the solution. Some of us were being really opinionated and stubborn while others just kept quiet and appeared indifferent. It definitely took us awhile to get our wits together and learn that the only way we were moving forward was if we confidently voiced our ideas and yet, be open to other member's rationale on why it could or could not work, what could be better.One key thing that we picked up was how important it is to remain professional about it all. No taking things personally and then getting offended because it's really not personal at all. And there wasn't any time for arguments with the little time we had to complete our product. We had to learn to trust each other as tasks were relegated to each member of the team. Fortunately, things smoothened out and from then on, we simply focused on delivering our brainchild, TheFriendZone 
 How to use Autodesk Fusion 360 and CuraHow to integrate the ESP8266, the server and the mobile phone 
  
 We got a peek into implementing a real-life solution that affects a really large audience.  
 Handling requests for APIsCreating a Highlight and Define function for the articles’ textUsing Firebase to create and manage accounts that store dataUsing Modal Boxes 
 With perseverance and mutual moral support, anything is possible. And never be shy to ask for help.Built Withchromeextensionflaskherokuhtmlhtml5javascriptpythonTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    McGill CodeJam 2018Winner                Category Second Runner-Up                  Created by  Zoe LapommeGreg WooMilo Sobralsamcherif Cherif 
  
  
  
 Learned to work with people online to complete this online Hackathon. 
  
 We learned a lot about digital marketing and customer relationship while designing the product vision.Technically, it was a great opportunity to learn about the new features of the latest Atlassian SDK features and also how to use many of its available modules. 
 A great team is the most important part of a project. Ours was. 
 It's my first Blockchain app and it was a brilliant experience learning a completely new field that I've never touched on before 
  
 We have learned that the most important thing to promote carpooling in an emerging market like Mexico, you must guarantee safety conditions to the users so that they feel motivated to interact and share their car, taxi services or bicycle plans. 
 Calling SNOW API calls and handling CSV file. 
  
  
  
 Transportation and customer service needs a change in Mexico and Latam. The key for us is traveling with our customers, see what they care for and keep going with what is important. everything else is a distraction. for very specific points, safety and economy is what most of our users care more. Also in case of b2b model, the way to organize events to move big groups of people is what matters. 
  
 We learned how to use new technologies such as React Native, Mongo DB, Mongoose DB just to name a few.  
 When sharing taxi with people that are not known, privacy is a very important aspect to take into consideration when building the platform. 
  
  
 We had zero knowledge on Lambda function and its usage. We achieved and learned a lot about Alexa skills, Lambda functions and Integrating AWS services.  
  
  
 I learnt to use JBoss Middleware like openJDK to deploy the backend services on OpenShift Online. I also learnt to design user-friendly interface for the frontend using the messenger platform components. Built Withmessengeropenjdkopenshift-onlinespring-boot      Submitted to    Hack your Travel with OpenShiftWinner                Best App by a Student Team                  Created by  deleted deleted 
  
  
  
 In this app, I learned how to use Firebase effectively as well as key strategies for structuring data. I also learned to manage threading and running both asynchronous and synchronous operations. Lastly, I improved my design skills after planning and sketching the entire application.  
 Prior to this competition, I was unfamiliar with many of the concepts needed to develop Access Granted. During this process, I learned how to implement UITableView, UITextView, UICollectionView, AVFoundation, and Core Data. I also learned that I can build a functional app in a relatively short amount of time ( ~ 3 weeks), which I truly did not think was possible for me before this process. I gained confidence and skills during this period and I am grateful for Make School and the competition. 
 The Artik environmentSoldering and patience.How to use transistors the wrong way.How to use transistors the right way.How to use a Laser Cutter!The importance of gaskets in machines that work with pressure.How IoT can change the way we understand the tools that we use. 
  
  
  First, we learn that to solve a huge problem, we have to combine all kinds of professions. Only with cross-border cooperation, we will earn the opportunity to deal with tough issues. This project encourage us to learn more and build our professions to help the world be a better place with our strong abilities. Second, of course, we realize more about Hsuehshan Tunnel and Ilan. We are more connected with our mother land. Besides, scold is easier than construction. We should not scold the government or others because it is really difficult to construct a good policy or solution.  
 That deeplearning can be really challenging, and that you need to gather a lot of data to make custom models work.Also, 3 hackathon week-ends in a row is mad. 
 Alexa SkillsNodeJs 
 I learned so much! I had no prior experience with Swift, but I learned it in a month and made Mood Buddy in a month! I also learned that the most important traits in creating large projects is grit and passion. 
 There are very powerful APIs in the world and the only limit in creating new apps, new workflows or new solutions, is not computing power, it's our imagination. 
  
 We learned that we need to consider all possible scenarios when developing an application that will be used by a diverse group of people. We also learned more about how to successfully manage a technical project from start to finish.FeaturesMobile friendly, responsive designSupports all major web browsers including: Internet Explorer, Chrome, Firefox, and SafariData entered is securely stored on the server and not in cookies on the local machine. This is an important feature for applicants who are using a public computerSubmitted applications are stored in a database and the data can be exported using the database management systemApplication can be translated into 100+ languagesCity and State populate automatically when zip code is enteredAuto-format is utilized in the following fields: Income, phone number, zip code, and the last 4 digits of the social security numberInteractive progress bar simplifies navigationUsers are only presented with relevant questions based on previous responsesApplicants cannot proceed to the following step until required questions have been answeredAbility to cancel the application at any time during the processA unique confirmation number is generated upon successful completion of the application, and a confirmation email is sent if the applicant provides an email addressThere is a print friendly confirmation page for applicants who choose to not receive an email confirmationBuilt Withfont-awesomehtml5jqueryphp      Submitted to    E.A.T. School Lunch UX Challenge    Created by  Kevin LewitzkeChris SpagnolaGabriel MoralesMiguel Ramos 
 I learned a ton about twitch extensions in general as well as some of the inner workings of amazon machine learning APIs. I learned about the twitch API and how twitch's JWT validation works. There was also a good amount of performance tuning and webpack config fun that was a good experience.  
  
 This adventure allowed me to sharpen my knowledge around window windows workflows and refreshed the past experiences I had with windows forms. 
 We learned how to develop with the help of flutter. We read a lot of articles about geoservices and improved our teamwork skills  
  
 Getting security right is a tough problem, but doing it in a way that minimizes friction and adds minimal overhead for the team is even harder.  But, if you give people a way to share secrets safely in JIRA, they will use it! 
  
  
  
  
 Infinite experience in React and AtlasKit ;) 
 We learned that in order to save sea ecosystem, we cant miss a single part of it. Sea turtles have played vital roles in maintaining the health of the world’s oceans for more than 150 million years, but now they are in danger of extinction. We need to help them, that's what we need to in order to ensuring a healthy and resilient oceans for another million years. 
 The crop water need mainly depends on:• the climate: in a sunny and hot climate crops need more water per day than in a cloudy and cool climate• the crop type: crops like maize or sugarcane need more water than crops like millet or sorghum• the growth stage of the crop; fully grown crops need more water than crops that have just been planted.I learnt the concept of evapotranspiration, and its calculation ETo = p (0.46 T mean + 8)ETo × Kc = ET cropWhere p = MEAN DAILY PERCENTAGE (p) OF ANNUAL DAYTIME HOURS FOR DIFFERENT LATITUDESKc = crop factorReference: http://www.fao.org/docrep/s2022e/s2022e07.htm 
 We came from different backgrounds in tech. Some of us never work on any hackathon before, so, we had a chance to learned more about Git, HTML and CSS, while others who have more experience in hackathon, learned more on how to use YouTube transcript and speech audio processing.  
  
 Move fast by working on a minimum viable product before iterating and improving on it.Follow the principles of Progressive Truthfulness - it is impossible and daunting to create a polished product from the onset. We started from just dialogue, before adding backgrounds, sprites, menu choices, non-linear gameplay, and music.Orchestrating the art of the project was very challenging as none of us are artists and we have to make do with the best compromise between aesthetics and theming. 
  
  
 we learned how to make PHP apps more Scala and reliable using the Google App Engine.  
  
  
 Amadeus Java API sdk, here maps and Microsoft translate APIs are something that I integrated into an app for the first time. 
  
 We learned to set realistic goals and pivot in the right times. There were points where we thought we wouldn't be able to build anything but we persevered through it to build a minimum viable product. Our lesson of the day would therefore be to never give up and always keep trying -- that is the only reason we could get our demo working by the end of the 24 hour period. 
  
 We learn new technologies and how to manage time and project in an efficient manner. 
  
 None of us had extensive experience in Android Studio or UI design, so learning on the fly was a tedious, but fruitful process, where we learned mobile development framework and getting XML and Java files to work together. 
  
 we learned alot about the way we build and manipulate the languages we used and specific objects in a application, the way we made the app connect to the data base and the web service 
 That the planning is very important for the development of any project. 
 Integrating Whispir to web applications using nodejs 
 This was a great learning experience in software engineering for all of us.We learnt that good planning from the start and well allocation and delegation of work load will help us finish the app on time. 
  
  
  
 Everything. We had to learn EVERYTHING. 
  
 Every member in our hackathon team worked on a framework or language that they never worked on before. Each member also worked on their counterparts in development, ie: I worked in backend when I'm much stronger in frontendWe learned that asking help from more experienced coders and mentors helps both parties. We get to learn how to traverse roadblocks while our skilled peers get practice with explaining code to less experienced or even lay people. 
 There is nothing big I learned from this game expect great experience :) . Nice Project, I love It Personally.Facebook is a great Platform to Intersect with others. There are many things that I learned For example sticking For long time into something will give you better reward.   
  
  
  
 Teamwork, arduino and soldering skills.  
  
 Most of the learning was concentrated on using correctly the context.io api 
  
  
 Meteor.js development is made much easier with the iron:router package. And other packages that exist to ease development on both front-end and back (i.e. Semantics:UI, webtempest:animate, and many others).Do not judge packages by its install rates. Just try everything that fits your needs.Set up stubs for both front-end and back-end development. To standardise template names, one person should set up the iron:router page routes as soon as possible. 
 We learned that UiPath solution is really designed to talk to various types of applications and can be definitely used for a tremendous number of use cases.We also learned a lot about how and when to use Machine Learning algorithms to fix different types of Machine Learning problems, either classification or regression.Eventually,  that mixing different skills can make you produce things you're not able to create alone. 
  
 I learned how to host and deploy apps with heroku 
  
 Learnt a lot about tire engineering, available sensors, tire life, factors involved in tire design, tire features for different types of trucks and their usage profile. Played with raspberry pi and tried to integrate data from multiple sensors. Finally for the demo we simply created a simple data generator that could create data coming from all of the tires and at the truck level in a single json which would have ideally come from an edge device residing on the truck. 
  
  
 With total determination, it is possible to do anything that. We learnt a lot in hardware since we were never exposed to hardware. It was one perfect experience for us to learn and have a gasp of hardware 
  
 We learned more about emotional intelligence and personality traits, and starting learned about which ones are important and why, such as the importance of conscientiousness on predicting both health and professional growth. We also learned about the impact of words on individuals and teams, such as how rudeness is contagious, and we learned how to quickly come together as a team to get a product  out that has the potential to help a lot of people become better people. 
  
  
 Learnt use of creative sdk, managing bitmaps and gallery 
 We were all beginners with meteor but we found that it was very easy to use to quickly build a responsive and dynamic web-app. 
 It was very important to learn from the Zalando guys that the problem with returns is real. Our research showed - that it’s actually the huge problem for e-commerce - but to get the validation first-hand from the Europe largest e-commerce platform - was golden! 
 We have mixed feelings about React, but look forward to trying it again sometime. Not sleeping is a bad idea. 
  
  
 We have learned about the different challenges refugees, asylum seekers and migrants face in Australia and how we can develop technology based solutions for them. We have also learned how to not only create Bello but how to market and pitch First Days to a set of different audiences.  
 As active entrepreneurs, we are constantly hit with an abundance of advice and strategies in creating a product. However, we have found that the only sure way to absorb this advice is to actually go out to the market, talk to our target audience, reflect on our own experiences as potential users, and iterate based on the data we collected. We have obtained insights that we never could have gotten from listening to people speak. We have a persistent, never-give-up attitude and are excited to launch Fireflies equipped with Alohar at college campuses around the country.  
  
 Interfacing different sensors , using Arduino 101 , way to send messages without using mobile phones, cloud computing. The most important thing we learned that there is lot more in electronics and many problems can be solved through with this. ///////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////// 
  
 40A of power wrapped around your body gets a little toasty. We also learned a lot about each other, our love for Disney tunes, and code! We worked heavily with the Edison trying to integrate it with the Arduino IDE, and although it didn't end up working, guess what group of girls knows about back end Linux now? We also learned about waveforms, phonetic parsing, and how much of a headache you can get from staring at LEDs too long.Built Witharduinodeepgramintel-edisoniosneopixels      Submitted to    MHacks: RefactorWinner                MHacks Top 5                  Created by  Chief Hardware Geek in the house! I built the LED dress and set it up with power. Fun fact-- each LED pulled up to 60 mA, and with 60 LEDs per meter thats 2-4A p/m, and there were 16m of LEDs in the dress! So I capped it at 40A and had multiple power supplies feeding into the dress. I also wrote the code that accepted the princess name from Harshita's Princess Prediction Process and displayed that dress.Xyla FoxlinI love deadlines. I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by. -Douglas AdamsI wrote the code that uniquely animated each princess's dress. This involved mapping the placement of the lights on the dress and assigning each princess her own color scheme, animation, and special feature! Our favorites were the Elsa gradient, the Cinderella slow spin, and the Ariel sparkle functions. I also worked on integrating the hardware and software components of the project.Gitanjali KawBiomedical and Macromolecular Engineering StudentI worked on sound recognition and princess predication process. I used the DeepGram API, standard iOS technologies, and Bluetooth to tell the dress which princess to turn into!Harshita GuptaYou had me at 'Hello, world!'Abril Vela 
  
  
  
 We learned a lot of new ES2015 features and improved our understanding of the Atlassian Connect framework. 
 We learned to use socket.io in relation with a database. 
 Technical: Python, gephi, NLPManagement: Creative thinking, time management(completed a semester project in 2 days), perseverance, commitment   
  
  
 It was great experience for us to work as a team on a life problem that is still faced on by California. We also learnt the capability of the Artik board as well the different functionality that can be added and extracted using this board. Interaction with different sensors was quite an experience for us, as well as working on a real life problem made us have a breakthrough of an great idea. 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 There are more hurdles then we could have possibly imagined. We learned that no matter the challenges we face, we simply need to persevere. 
  
 Most of the group did not know C++ beforehand. The software used, OpenGL, is coded in C/C++, which required the developers to learn it. We also researched a lot of about the current technology with VR. 
 How to build  an application that integrated with amazon Lex as a conversional interface service.Built Withamazon-cloudfront-cdnamazon-dynamodbamazon-kmsamazon-lexapi-gatewaylambda-functionnode.jss3-bucketTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    AWS Chatbot Challenge    Created by  i help surya akhmad to create visual explainer videoPutra ManggalaCreativepreneur, Graphic Designer & Motion GrapherSurya Akhmad 
  
 The most powerful thing I learned from the process was the utter importance of revisionism to design. Version after version, build after build, I realized the illusory namesake of "final product." Because there's always a way to improve. 
 How to use Apache Spark for a retail scenario. 
 To find out the effectiveness of the system installing in tunnel, we have driven   to the tunnel many times. We believe the LED icon should be placed on a noticeable position without distracting the drivers. The best location is the front ground of driver. That can make driver not only concentrate on the driving situation but also notice the LED icon. 為了得知系統放置於隧道中的效果，多次開車進入隧道，我們認為視覺導引圖示出現的位置需要在明顯但不容易使駕駛分心的視線方向，最佳位置為正前方稍遠地面，讓駕駛在專注前方車輛與路況時同時可以感知到提醒。The type of LED icon was discussed and modified several times to make drivers understand quickly and easily. 視覺提醒的種類，經過多次討論將數量降到最少變化且使用清晰易懂的設計。There are many types of sensors, considering the cost, response time and developing time after some tests, finally we choose the best solution so far - photo sensor. The photo sensors can be applied in real tunnels. 感測器的種類繁多，經過多方嘗試後，考量到成本、反應時間、開發時程等等因素，選擇目前最佳的方案-光感測器!此感測器可實際應用於真實隧道中。What's nextDifferent types of vehicle would activate different numbers of sensors, the software have to take it into consideration. 不同車種的長度將會遮蔽不同數量的感應器，背後程式需要可以判斷差異There are lots of dynamic data updating at the same time, so the reliability verification of software and hardware design is required. 實際隧道內會同時產生大量動態數據，軟硬體設計與運作可靠度需要驗證How to transplant the prototype to the real application in tunnel? A PLC or an industrial computer can be used as the control center instead of the ARM microprocessor. By using communication way like RS485 or Ethernet, the control center controls the LED drivers and local control units which sense the sensor signal and calculate the car speed. 未來將如何移植原型系統至隧道的應用之中呢? 可以使用可程式邏輯控制器或工業電腦取代原型中的ARM微處理器。藉由通訊如RS485或者Ethernet的方式，行控中心控制LED驅動器以及下位的控制單元，這些控制單元將各自處理部分的感測器訊號並計算車速。In the future, the AVGS system can be implemented with big data based on the traffic information over the years. According to the current time, car quantity or other factors, establish an algorithm to calculate the best traffic flow in the tunnel and give a best car speed command to control center or host computer. That way, the effectiveness of the proposed AVGS can be the best. 未來將可與大數據做結合，由數年來的交通資訊，根據目前的時間、車輛數等各種因子，建立出即時隧道的最佳車流量的演算法，下達最佳的車速命令給行控中心，將可以將系統的效能提至最高For real application, the installing location of LED is flexible depending on the professional study of user interface and difficulties of construction.實際隧道內系統燈號安裝位置可以經由更專業的使用者介面研究與施工可行性判斷後微調。Working sample DemoSince the actual system installed in tunnel will be too large, instead we develop a small prototype system with the same control logic function. We use 15 LED array to arrange red arrows and green arrows. The sensor we choose is photo sensor which is really cheap and effective. Each sensor is put next to each LED arrow, and it will be triggered when the light is covered by the passing car. Besides, we also design hardware including the driving circuit for LED and interface circuit for sensors. The control unit we use is ST Microelectronics STM32F3 discovery board with ARM Cortex-M4 CPU, and it is developed in C language. The system structure is as the following diagram. This prototype can truly accomplish all the functions of this proposal, and also simulate the control center to change the car speed command by using the knob. Please refer to the introduction video.因為實際架設於隧道中的硬體會過於龐大，取而代之地，我們開發了一套縮小尺度的原型系統，但有著相同控制邏輯功能。LED使用雙色形式，排列出紅色及綠色箭頭，總共15組，感測器選擇光感應的方式，此方式既省成本又有不錯的功效，放置於每一個LED箭頭旁，車輛經過感測器會遮住外界的光源，藉以觸發訊號。同時設計LED驅動及感測周邊介面電路，主控台使用ST Microelectronics的STM32F3 discovery board，核心處理器為ARM Cortex-M4，使用C語言進行開發。系統架構如下圖，此模型除了可確實達到本提案的所有功能之外，也可用旋鈕模擬行控中心改變行車速度命令，請見介紹影片。System StructureHardware: STM32F3 discovery board and DM134 LED DriverLED and light sensorRoad Test!(Green car-Standard Speed;  Grey car-Too short safe distance)Built Withcdm134-led-driverstm32f3-discovery-board      Submitted to    Hsuehshan Tunnel Transformer    Created by  As a designer and driver, I traveled to Yilan a lot and suffered traffic jam enough, let's solve this problem!This idea was come out when I was driving in Hsuehshan Tunnel.Yen-Pin KaoChing Chen LiaoDengmo PengDennis Peng 
 In the process, I learned how to write a bit of MySql, PHP. Also, i have conquered many difficulties such as knowing how to use Crontab on linux server, knowing how to use TELNET and SSH to login to server as root, knowing how to use skip-grant-tables on MySql's my.ini file and many more. 
 With perservance and mutual moral support, anything is possible. And never be shy to ask for help.Built Withamazon-web-servicesbuilt.iocisco-sparkhtmlparticle-electronphotoshopTry it outgithub.comgregwoo78.wixsite.comhomescan.org      Submitted to    McHacks 2018Winner                Cisco              Winner                Deloitte                  Created by  For HomeScan, I worked primarily on the frontend. I was responsible for creating the user interface through Cisco Spark. I had to learn how to create chat-bots that would interact with the user using text analysis technologies. The chat-bots would retrieve data from the AWS in order to output the correct information. I then used HTML to implement Spark on our website. I also participated in the preparation of our hack pitch by creating a logo and a video for the project. Creating HouseScan from scratch was such an amazing experience. I learned a lot throughout these 24h and had a lot of fun working with such an incredible team.Greg WooI primarily worked on the hardware side of HomeScan with sensors DAQ, sending data to the cloud and webhook it to AWS. I also helped on the design aspects of the AWS database and lambda functions as well as for the Cisco bot.Romain NithRomain CouperierMilo Sobral 
  
 How to access firebase with swift. How to make gradients in sketch. More about constraints. 
 We learned how to build applications for Outlook. Which gives a lot of benefits as most users "live" in Outlook. 
 How to use the BladeRFHow to integrate assembler instructions into a C programHow to calculate the power of a I/Q RF signalHow to roll-your-own clock resynchronisation 
 Lot's of Neo4j internals. 
 I realised that I'm much more effective at using APIs (Swagger) than building websites :) 
 Every Software and Application will give us new learning so while developing this application we have learned how single message we can send over the different communication platform using Whispir API. 
 We learned a lot about Bluetooth protocol and stack. We also learned quite a bit about network bridges, wireless specs. And last but not least, we learned that hackathons are also about socializing and not just hacking/coding as I first thought.  
  
 It was a learning to unleash the true potential of atlassian products to make life easier for software development teams.How I built itI built a C# program using HP OTA framework to co-ordinate tasks related to HP ALM ,developed a Bamboo plugin to utilise the C# program to drive the test execution and take care of Bamboo and JIRA integration.  A new task "ALM Task" appears in Bamboo task list. 
 We learned that making a alarm application was not as simple as we thought and that working with AutoLayout (through code) could be very painful at times. 
 When writing some load testing components, you have to be very careful on how to handle data, or everything will crash very quickly! 
  
 IOS developmentAzure AI toolsHacking for a reasonHacking in a limited amount of timePizza is good even at 4am. 
  
  
 We have learned a lot along the way with Convergely, and we are already adding more functionality around team communication. 
  
  
 Nous avons appris à utiliser des données publiques pour les implémenter avec JavaScript. 
  
 Different version for RDP Machines for different version of OS and many validations. 
 We used KyberSwap to swap between tokens 
  
 Different usage of API ,using Curl in my development and advanced use case. 
  
 I learned the use of google cloud messaging during the process of the development, better design concepts, use of google map features etc. 
 Learned a lot about hacking a full stack app in less than 2 days. 
  
 How useful it is for the API developers to work with devs building on projects on their API. It was clear they valued the feedback and would use it to both improve documentation, smooth rough edges, and extend functionality. 
 We learned to stick with what's familiar to us in a competition that's testing our skills and knowledge. We were able to build on top of our pre-existing knowledge and deliver a stronger solution in that way. 
 Ruby on RailsReact.jsNode.js 
  
 The development of Task Tracker demonstrates our ability to improve learn quickly and apply our knowledge. For the challenge, we had to learn a new language and create many complex functions using it in a small time period. As we developed this app, we experienced the entire software development life cycle. Which is we gathered requirements.  First we had a big picture of what we wanted to develop. Then we brainstormed among this group and with other students and documented what features would be useful in the app. Then we went through the list of features and determined which are feasible and could be developed in the timeline. After this we went into Design mode. Where we designed each page of the app and functionality of each page. How many buttons will be present and what each button would do. We also created sketch of each page to determine the look and feel of the App. Once we have finalized the design it is time to actually build the app. We started with building pages and adding blocks to each page for the intended functionality. Some of the functionality was straight forward and could be coded easily. Some of the functionality like sorting et., needed more research and learning before we could add the code. Once a page is developed and is supposed to be functional, then one of use (other than the person who developed the code) would test that page and document and defects (where the functionality didn't meet the design). Then the developer would go back and fix the code to work correctly. There were several iterations of coding and testing of both page display and code blocks before we could get to the page working exactly as deigned. At the end we tested the overall app end to end making sure that every single page is tested int he entire flow. Now we have an app working as designed. 
 We have now a greater knowledge of Arduino and how to interact with different sensors, and we have learned how to communicate an Android app with an Arduino 101 board using Bluetooth! We have also learnt that recording videos with kids is really hard and we can barely use some minutes from the hours of footage that we have with them. 
 In order to address the larger problem, we can set some limitations first and try to solve the simplified problems first. 
 We definitely learned preventative training! One of the major lessons we learned through our research was that the rate of survival of people with sudden cardiovascular related emergencies is significantly higher if they are given aid from someone who is well trained. If we can improve preventative training for first responders, we can greatly help save more lives. Another major lesson we learned was that people learn better when the educational experience is more interactive, which is why we implemented our application through voice as well as a chat bot. 
  
 We learned a lot about different investment strategies that could be ‘remixed’ with available DeFi tools and how to calculate overall ROIs. How to interact with Kyber, Compound, Fulcrum and TokenSets smart contracts. 
 Lua. 
  
  
  
 One thing we learnt is time management and the importance or proper planning. Due to the limited time we have, proper and efficient planning was neccessary in order for us to meet the deadline that we have. 
 Meteor is great for creating browser based games! And WebAudio. 
  
 We learned how to use web3js with react. We also learned much about solidity and truffle-suite. 
 We came to this competition as a rather well-formed team but ended it as a better and stronger team.  Also as we mentioned before we've learned a lot about image processing and it's possibilities.  
  
 Google Cloud Platform, Google Vision API, and Kanye is love, Kanye is wavy. 
  
  
 This project taught us the importance of communication protocols. Since we had team members working on the software side as well as team members working on the hardware side. It was crucial for us to establish a communication protocol early on in the project as it is difficult for both teams to work on the project simultaneously if the software team was not retrieving data from the hardware team. In order to overcome this, we made sure to establish a solid form of communication of data so the software team knew exactly how to fetch the data and what format it would be in. By doing this, as the hardware team was integrating more sensors, the software team was able to generate their own faux data following the same communication protocol before real data was provided. This made integrating the two sides of the project at the end very easy and efficient.  
 Go into a hackathon well-rested! We all worked for 24 hours straight, and after a long work at week it was no walk in the park.  
 A team work was the most imperative learning that we did. everything else was just part of it. 
 We learned how to use the Nuance Mix API. We also learned how to connect the front end of the web application to the python backend using flask. However, we realized later that we didn't need to connect the web application to the python backend because Nuance Mix has a Javascript API that can be used for web applications.  
 It's been a great learning experience understood many nuances of atlassian connect , spring boot and a lot more. 
  
 The breadth of features we created really exercised our understanding and developed our internal expertise of the Confluence and DocuSign APIs. Our understanding of industry e-signature and regulatory concepts has been greatly enhanced as well. Our team is poised to provide powerful future enhancements to this product, as well as DocuSign integrations for JIRA and HipChat in the coming months. 
 We both gained experience working between our disciplines, software and hardware.  
 As mentioned before, Trello hides surprising power and flexibility in an apparently simple package. I learned a lot from seeing all the different ways people use Trello for different applications, from managing household chores to organizing small assembly lines. Our users include lawyers, estate agents, car repair shops, virtual assistants, software project managers, ... you name it! 
 We learned that Chrome extensions are pretty powerful, and a lot more could be done. The natural speed and security from doing things in the browser are really neat. 
  
 The manifest.json file is not to be messed with. 
 Citrix automation and excel activities 
 NodeJS modules for Intel Edison boardMultiple combinations of modules (Intel Edison) to meet the business solutions  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 PHPBotman frameworkRingCentral APIRingCentral Glip bot frameworkGlipTeam workCollaboration 
 We learnt a bunch about version control! Some merges were hard to handle but we did it!Some of us didn't have experience with Unity and managed to contribute a huge lot. We learnt about animations and how important details can be. We learnt a lot about GUIs and Unity assets. 
  
  
 Making this project has been a truly amazing learning experience, from learning about the decentralised finance space and how options work to learning about decentralised oracles and swapping protocols. Moreover, we learnt how to successfully write multiple inter-dependent smart contracts in sync with each other. We also learnt to properly use the Truffle Suite, to deploy contracts and write tests, and hence create a robust DApp. 
 We learned how to photoshop, how to tint the images to a dark color. We also managed to learn how to incorporate with different elements together to make the website work with the database. 
 How to make a perfect presentation. 
 How to solve some social problems  
 The taxi-sharing problem is difficult to design  in a short  time. 
  
 I learned quite a lot during this short project. I was new to the IBM Bluemix so it was an adventure on it's own.I've never heard of Cloudant DB before, but with some experience of MongoDB the transition was rather easy. 
 Creating this app taught me many things. Most importantly, I learned that everything ends up being more complicated than you initially anticipated. There were countless problems that arose while I was developing this app that I thought would be no-brainers to implement. However, your attitude when something doesn't go as planned is what defines your success at the end of the day. With patience and perseverance (and a lot of Googling!), there is almost nothing stopping you from solving any problem you have. 
 How to use ciscospark and wit apis. 
 We learned that applying for free and reduced lunch can be a very stressful and intimidating process, which becomes a big blocker for completion. We also learned while prototyping about how much this application has similar data sets to other applications, and how much opportunity there is for an API or other platform to share data across applications for different programs.  
  
  
  
  
 Try to come up with an idea before a hackathon 
 Integrating game with Torus. User only need Google account to play game. 
  
  
  
 We've learned to use ARcore, as this was the first time using it. We've learned Kotlin and we've learned about the challenges of 3D. 
 To use the OpenPose LibraryTo process noisy signalsTo use the MIDI protocol to control virtual instruments. 
  
 We learned that Python is a simplistic language to code in, but it has some differences from Java that made it difficult to work with. Our indentation and formatting of the code in general was something we all learned a lot about. We learned a lot about hosting a Python game on a website and troubleshooted some different options. We also learned a lot about managing our finances and being more financially stable. We would like to keep track of our own financial wellness scores in our everyday lives. 
 I leaned the insight of how Meteor work, the things that I haven't know and this is awesome. 
  
  
 GoforCar team work together to discuss the project scope in the early beginning, every member contribute their creativity and capability to make this project happen. With the same belief to bring eCar to resolve the Hsuehshan tunnel issues, GoforCar is definitely the best team! 
 Sohit, throughout the course of 48 hours, learned React.js and developed the entire dashboard.Both Alan and Yesh learned how to implement a WebRTC server and create a blockchain from scratch.Sarthak learned how to develop complex Chrome extensions with persisted data.As a team, we learned that we work excellently together, and that we hate JQuery.  
 New stuff 
  
  Lambda function Alexa app building skillsFuture ScopeCurrently we have limited rivers in our game we will include more rivers in our app.Testing InstructionsPlease use below provided data for Testing:Sample data :• Say “Alexa start World Rivers ” or “Alexa start Rivers of the Earth”.• It will ask “Do you want to explore or play quiz?”. • If you say explore it will say you the rivers of the world in descending order of their length along with their length and location.• If you say quiz it will ask you a river’s location, its length, location, etc.  Built Withamazon-alexanode.js      Submitted to    Alexa Skills Challenge: Kids    Created by  Amit DandawatePlease like V-insurance and FB-surance by following project links below! Thanks a bunch! ❤️appramanik 
 Integration methods with JIRA and web socket technology. 
  
  
 Neural Nets take forever to train and it’s hard to predict their behavior after training. We also learned a lot from our mentors at Wolfram, especially regarding on how music can be made and represented by computers. 
 Use a boilerplate, only if you need the features withinFirst, we chose Base to start the project, but it contained so much stuff, that we actually don't need. So, we got back to simple Meteor templates.Use the same Meteor version on all devicesWe started with an older Meteor version (< 1.2) on the Raspberry Pi, but the desktop PCs were already updated. After struggling around with the different versions, we decided to update Node and Meteor on the Raspberry Pi – thanks to Nodesource and Meteor Universal it took less than the suspected five hours (on the Raspberry Pi 2).Have a second hardware option availableIt's easy to change a software decision during such a hackathon, but having a second option regarding the hardware really saved the project for us. Even careful reading the data sheets before ordering the parts didn't prevent us from using a non-suitable component in the first run. 
 We learned how to spawn subprocesses, route text messages through email, and in general, how to use python's massive standard library to accomplish tasks far more difficult with other languages. 
  
 To scale down projects to only the bare minimum needed to demo - we suffered from feature creeping too much and paid with time and a lack of sleep. 
 Clarifai is very accurate 
  
 This was the first project I ever built with the HTM, so...a lot. 
  
 Working all night can be quite productive. 
 · Some things about Fedora that I didn't know. · A lot about Samsung's Artik board and it's features.  · A wider knowledge of the IOT world. · And a lot of things related to editing video using Adobe Premiere  :)  
 Problem Solving under time constraints.AI translations.Teamwork. 
  
  
 It was Antonio's first time using react-native and Alex's first time using torch. 
  
 I learned way too much to list - some of the major ones include:Discovering that I actually enjoy working with JS, after ES6/ES7, Babel and Webpack perform their magicFirst time working with Express and server-side JS in generalFirst time working with RethinkDB and with a JSON document store in generalFirst time working with Redux and Flux architecture in generalFirst time applying functional-style techniques in earnest, influenced heavily by idiomatic Redux 
  
 La puissance que peut avoir une équipe bien structurée. Même avec les meilleurs talents, travailler seul revient à être peu productif et une bonnedistribution des tâches permet d'augmenter notre efficacité. 
 Healthcare communications are complex -- "Slack for Healthcare" will never be enough to fix our broken systems.  Building an effective solution requires a cross-functional team of technology, business, and medical experts, and its requires a deep-dive into the specific needs and practices of hospital staff.  
  
 optimization isn't easy & makes your code look ugly.thinking on a solid architecture that allows us to scale, and that there is always a better architecture. 
  
 Learn the literature needed to make the applicationLearn the culture of Banyuwangi so that the information provided by Ayo Banyuwangi is accurate and real 
   We learned Amazon Lex and its power of NLU to build life like conversational bots.   Amazon lambda and its integration with Lex and to validate inputs to Lex bot.   Usage of Amazon polly for text to speech conversion.  Integration of channels like Facebook and Slack with Lex. 
  
 We learned that the organization, planning and the correct distribution of the tasks according to each talent, with agile development methods made us get better results at an impressive speed. 
 I learned swift, I learned to be patient and work hard and you will succeed! I was always rushing to put a game out but I took a step back and I just focused and took my time to make the game as amazing as I could do! 
 Agile development processes were picked up very quickly when we didn't communicate things to each other. Structuring a database and focusing the vision of the app so that is could work well 
 We learned how to function without sleep. 
  
  
 How to code. 
  
 We've learned to work with the Firebase's core functions and integrate them in our code 
  
  
  
 We've used Spark AR Studio, MuseScore, MusicXML, and many other tools for the first time and are now familiar with them. 
  
 We learned how the fishing industry functions at an indepth level 
 Working with large amounts of dataLearning syntax of languages new to usworking with APIs and JSONStatistical analysis in pythonCollaboration and version control with people of various interests 
 Integrating API with Cake PHP and MySql 
 We have learned the differences between cloud and server REST API's. 
  
  
  
  
 Dynamic Wizards are tough to develop; especially, when populating data across different tables in a UX friendly manner.Built Withcss3html5javascriptjquerypostgresqlruby-on-railsTry it outfood4students.herokuapp.comgithub.com      Submitted to    E.A.T. School Lunch UX Challenge    Created by  I was responsible for all phases of the project. Anees Merzibuilds pleasant user experiences 
 Practice before coming to a hackathon. Find a team with skillset similar to yours before coming to a hackathon. Bring a jacket. 
 We learned that renewable energy will be vital in a world where old forms of energy/transportation will become outmoded or unavailable.  
 I learned about normalizing the data and making predictive models. 
  
 We had a dependency bug with the Context.IO library and our developers had to freshen up their knowledge about dependency management with libraries in Drupal.Prototyping in Drupal goes really fast and is super fun (I guess that wasn't really news, for us at least) 
 Teamwork was the key point on this, because we had to always update ourselves and brainstorm on the next point of action 
  
 How to better use my computer.How I built itAfter getting the MVP working, I exclusively used asdfghjkl for navigation and input while developing the app.It's built in Swift 2.0 (for the easy C interoperability) and partially Obj-C for certain functions. 
 Adam tried Android development for the first time, and was very successful.  
  
  
 Working on this add-on taught us a lot about the AWS stack and developing a scalable cloud add-on.  We were worried that we could not achieve a fast development speed using this very new serverless Lambda stack.  After a few teething problems with syncing incremental Lambda updates however and our standalone React/Redux front-end stack these fears proved to be unfounded. 
  
 In general, the whole concept of a Hackathon was new to us, and we learned how the entire process works. Throughout our project creation process, we started from step one where we went through several ideas and learned how to rule out projects and create outlines quickly due to the time restriction. We also learned how to apply our knowledge to a real, global world problems to create positive impact in our communities.  
  
  
  
  
 How difficult it is to find developers having the same interests as yours around you. 
  
  
  
 Teamwork, Swift, Node.js, Hosting Web Service, OCR. 
  
 Polished my javascript, learn to design from a user's perspective. 
  
  
 *United Team can work on a Goal to achieve and accomplish the project as planned and within the allocated timeframe (the biggest challenge) to gain success.how to deals with Goggle API and maps in short time and solve the problems * 
  
 We learnt how to work with and against  timeHow to integrate android with webpagesHow to divide the task and multiply the success 
  
  
 During the hackathon we learned much much more about the problem from different angles and the initial project idea proved to be quite relevant (thanks our mentor for the advises). We're happy to have this solved somehow.We also learned quite a few finnish words. Communication = Collaboration!Did you also know there is an animal sled driver job posting? How cool is that! 
  
  
 The learning is still continuing. Constructing the dialogue flow should always be made with the end users/business users in mind. .Net is so powerful, you can integrate Everything.  
 We learned that there is always some preparation that can be done for a hackathon. This covers things like making sure all our machines are development ready as well as testing and knowing all our hardware devices and interfaces as best as possible so we can minimise the time spent learning during the hackathon. 
 We learnt about the capabilities and limitations of both the current flir one technology and SDK functions.  
  
 We learnt animations using React-pose library.Implementing and fine-tuning Recurrent Neural Networks.Connecting different languages and frameworks. 
 If you want to do something, go for it, set aside a specific amount of time and see how much you can get done with it.  
 The hackathon was a elementally transformative experience for us as developers, exposing us to APIs, technologies, tools, mentors and valuable professional networks for knowledge acquisition. Through extremely helpful as well as supportive mentors, we learnt how to ideate, develop and maintain a full stack. We also learnt the idea of "extension development" i.e. building projects on the backs of existing releases, documentations and frameworks. Moreover, this event helped us develop key soft skills including tenacity, perseverance, work ethic, diligence and team work that are not only integral to our eventual transition to co-op and the work space but also to our evolution as more skilled and dependable programmers.  
 We learned a lot from using similar but still different libraries. For example, our teammates argued about whether we are going to use Java Swing or Java Processing. We understand the strengths and weaknesses of both these libraries.We gained a better sense of how to provide a better user experience!We also learned to be more sustainable by developing this game!Having a strong team collaboration is always the BEST thing!!! 
  
 Talking about the technicals, we all are Mobile Developers basically, but for the first time we tried our hands on Web development along with the Mobile app and it was a great learning experience. We learned some of the design principles too and our both mobile and web app is based on Material Design. 
  
  
  
  
 How to manage time?To clean data properly before preprocessing 
 Knowledge in Road Safety, as we did a deep research before we could start working on the project.Team work is the most important thing.Learning about micro controllers, google api's, google maps. 
 We dramatically increased our comfort and knoweldge with Facebook platforms and APIs, and gained valuable insight on teamwork. 
 How to make a great Alexa skill that is accessible to all children and being able to provide a new way to learn about planets that was unique and not previously integrated with a voice platform. We also learned about the various hurdles that needed to be overcome to build a successful skill. 
 I have learned so much. I was overwhelmed by how to execute and how to update information - particularly safety issues and we didn't manage to address enough yet – but we managed to come up with a first iteration that begins to tease out my grandiose ideas into a functioning, practical, usable website. For future iterations, we need to have a better project management scope with deliverables and assigned tasks.Truthfully I was worried that I wasn't ready to share this in such a high-profile space BUT the opportunity to participate and learn from the incredible brains trust assembling for #Hack4Equality is a rare and incredible chance to bring Planet Ally to fruition!What's Next for Planet AllyWe want to address corporate spaces; regional and global travel mobility issues and especially those travelling overseas to work or considering relocating with their partner etc. We look forward to building some corporate partnerships and hoped to have had more on workplace travel on our site but simply ran out of time. We also intend to attract students who are travelling interstate or overseas and give them the best information and resources to make an informed decision.Our vision for the app and site is to enable users to navigate the site intersectionally via filter functions that allow you to self-identify according to gender, race, ethnicity, ability, family etcPlanet Ally seeks to be the world’s most influential and social media savvy group of professional LGBTIQ, ally activists, and other prominent thought leaders. Through these partnerships Planet Ally will create edgy and informative video content, curate content using a strong and engaging social media strategy, host online panels derived from our global network to educate and discuss country-specific issues, and provide relevant educational, news, and crowd sourced content. Planet Ally is a for-profit initiative social enterprise, but one that gives back to the communities and NGOs working for inclusion, diversity, and equality. We will also support vulnerable and volatile countries and regions who most need support and visibility. It will be a travel app that rather than focusing on fluffy pillows, mini bar contents or spa treatments, will focus on knowing your rights, evaluating attitudes and most importantly being clear on whether any money you spend ends up supporting regimes that are anti LGBTIQ.The app will provide information that clearly presents facts on destinations with information on laws, airline carriers, hotel groups, community organizations, social spaces, and so on, so app users can make informed travel choices while also knowing their rights are on the ground. It will aggregate data and distill information into an easy to understand rating system for both destinations, as well as, travel related businesses. It will present:Provide an ‘official view’ which will be based on law, policy, financial stakes, and so on. Provide a curated ‘View from the street’ which will be crowd-sourced opinion from the user-base. Provide links to travel bloggers and aggregated breaking news content with relevant feeds from social media and news channels.Provide options to activate allyship, for example links to All Out petitions and other LGBTIQ campaigns, Out Now ally surveys, and so on.App users will be able to check information that may affect their decision to travel or stay in a certain destination. Some examples are: A Planet Ally user is travelling to a destination and is considering staying at a Dorchester Collection property, Fairmont Hotel, or a Four Seasons property when they learn that ruling regimes that implement Sharia Law own or have major stakes in these international hotel groups. It may impact their travel planning decision. A Planet Ally user is travelling to Australia from the UK and may stopover in Indonesia when they read some “Views from the Street” that indicate there are growing attacks and prejudice towards LGBTIQ locals. This may impact their travel planning decision.  A Planet Alley user is flying from Hong Kong to Ireland and considering using Emirates airlines with a stopover in Dubai. From reading the official review they learn that the Death penalty applies in Dubai for homosexuality and that Emirates airlines is owned by the Dubai government. This may impact their travel planning decisions.A Planet Ally user asks about if LGBTIQ couples have found it hard to travel through specific airports with their children or whether airlines have treated LGBTIQ families as equally as heterosexual families e.g. seats together, or whether LGBTIQ couples have encountered discrimination when checking into a hotel room in certain destinations etc. This may impact their travel planning decisions.Current Target Markets: Start off in English language Identify 10 -15 markets for a soft launch (a blend of friendly and unfriendly countries)  Plan for mass-market launch Plan for introducing in multi-languagesHow to Monetise Planet Ally: Approved list of advertisers that have to fulfil ethical criteria? Partnerships? Pay per click? Sponsored campaigns? Subscription Based or Member Funded via something like Patreon? How to make Planet Ally live On-and Off-line: Supporting consultancy services to help businesses become an ally.Certificates of Excellence  - Become Planet Ally certifiedTraining Sessions Annual awards Speaker platforms at travel trade conferences and relevant events TED-style EventWe would love and hope to be able to consult experts, including the Grindr, Hackernest teams with regard to expertise in moving this to the next stage. Thank you again for this wonderful and humbling opportunity to share our vision for a planet of allies!Built Withgeohash-js-librarygoogle-map-apisgrindr-data-exported-to-jsonjavascriptrefuge-restrooms-api-for-datatech-stack:-wordpress-and-divi-style-(for-site)Try it outwww.planet-ally.com    Created by  I am the Wordpress editor for @PlanetAllyApp!I assisted the team in visualizing and presenting the ideas on the web platform. I am so grateful to be a part of the @PlanetAllyApp team! Every member in the team shows tremendous amount of passion, dedication and motivation in bringing equality around the world! :Love:Kenton Cheungweb developer from Hong Kong #proud #gaynerd - Hoping to bring #PlanetAllyApp to life!I am the founder and online voice for @PlanetAllyApp I worked on content for our social media platforms, building NGO partnerships, bringing on board a global advisory/supporters group. and research tasks.I am so insanely humbled that my team, some who are lifelong friends and some strangers who now will be.. have embraced my idea and added so much energy, innovation and ultimately evolved Planet Ally further than I could imagine and especially in just under a week. The #Hack4Equality couldn't have come at a better time to be able to make Planet Ally a tangible reality. Thank you all, I am flawed! xxBess HepworthAn out Australian expat in Hong Kong. Rainbow Mum, LGBTIQ activist, UNDP Being LGBTI Advisor. Named Top 10 LGBT Biz advocates on Twitter.Ally and junior product designer from SydneyJack Lo RussoAssisted with ideation, user scenarios, site structure, teasing out Planet Ally features, content creation/editing, and video production. My biggest and most rewarding part was providing ongoing support and allyship in helping get Bess's BIG idea into this very first, small iteration. Look out world - we are creating a Planet of Allies!ellen flahertylearning designer, ed-techsterTech co-ordinator, visualisation and data coding, sounding board, provider of hugs (virtual and physical).Benj Roberts#Tech guy living in #HongKong who would like to #travel more, #trek more, and possibly #write about it. 
  
 Lots about TMux, curses, and interactive console applications. The pain of cross-platform programming. 
  
  
 I learned about the alarming statistics for suicide and depression rates in the UK. I learned how to run a business and manage finances. I learnt about finding the best place to purchase stock and how to decipher which sites are the best.  
 I learnt a lot about how a company works and how to properly forecast financial expenditure. I also learnt more about brand image and how to appropriatly convert that to the consumer. This has led to me being much more conscious regards the logo aand web presence of the business. 
 Prioritize the tasks when time and resources are limitedSeamlessly integrate between design and development  
  
  
 Some VTA data is hard to pull, but also that people are interested in being able to connect with others online about transportation. 
  
  
 -That sometimes all you need is the idea, and the first step-Challenges are not that scary after all-New programming skills that I didn't have when coming in (like advanced Android Features)-Working in a team 
 I learned that the Office API is pretty awesome. It was a pleasure to work with. Especially the well known objects. That made getting phone numbers & emails really easy for read type of appointments. I was pleasantly surprised by that. 
  
  
 Building large scalable systems is hard. Design is hard. 
  
 We learned a lot about packaging geth and running it as a subprocess. We also learned how to write Brave extensions and include HTML files from an NPM package. In the process of coming up with this project, we learned some new things about security weaknesses in existing Ethereum wallets. 
  
  
 Building this project exposed me to numerous Azure Services that I hadn’t previously used as well as using some services in different ways. New services I leveraged and got my first exposure to are;Azure Cognitive Services Speech to Text - Used to convert the voice query to text before being submitted to LUISAzure Cognitive Services Text to Speech - Used to take the search query result and convert it to Speech to be spoken back to the requestor Azure Cognitive Services  LUIS – (Language Understanding Intelligent Service) used to identify the entity to query and the entitlement to evaluateAzure Event Hub - Sending IoT Device to Cloud messages through he IoT Hub to Event Hub to Stream Analytics. Azure Stream Analytics - Taking the Device to Cloud Messages and outputting to Table Storage and Power BIAzure Table Storage - Storing events for auditing/reportingAzure API Management - Integration of Lithnet MIM Service REST API Python - This was my first ever use of Python. The Python script on the IoT Device listens for the Wake-Up Word and interfaces with Azure Cognitive Services for Speech to Text and Text to Speech along with the Azure FunctionWhat’s next for the projectThe project is currently essentially read-only. The information that can be retrieved and the pre-requisites to make it available mean that it doesn’t consider context or authorisation. I’d love to implement voice-based authentication into the solution so that the speaker/requestor is identified by their voice pattern (using Azure Cognitive Services Speaker Identification API) and authenticated to Azure Active Directory. Based on the authorisation level of the user higher privileged requests can be initiated. (e.g. Disable User David Bowie, or Create a new user account for Colin Furze). I’d also like to enable the solution using Azure Bot Services. The way the solution has been designed allows for this. This would replace the need for a device to speak too, and provide an easier implementation path for the Authentication and Authorisation functions. The Bot could also be enabled via Skype for Business/Microsoft Teams. Built Withazureazure-api-managementazure-cognitive-servicesazure-functionsazure-iot-suiteazure-key-vaultazure-language-understanding-intelligent-servicelithnet-mim-service-rest-apimicrosoft-identity-manageropenwrtpower-bipowershellpythonTry it outgithub.comgitpitch.com      Submitted to    Azure IoT on Serverless Hackathon    Created by  My Voice Assistant for Microsoft Identity Manager is an Azure IoT Business Solution that I’ve designed and built using Azure IoT, Azure Cognitive Services, Azure Serverless Services and other Azure Services along with Microsoft Identity Manager that empowers IT Support staff to query Microsoft Identity Manager for common IT Service Desk, IT Admin requests.Darren RobinsonExperienced Identity & Access Management Architect ● Independent Craft Beer Brewer ● Thought Leader & Trusted Adviser 
 Where there is a will, there is a way! 
 Flow Router! This was my first time using Flow Router and it was great! 
 Raspberry Pis are powerful. 
  
 How to develop add-ons for JIRA Server and Cloud simultaneouslyWhat's nextAgile Board Switcher - already hereSpace Switcher for ConfluenceRepo Switcher for BitbucketBuilt WithjavascriptreactTry it outmarketplace.atlassian.com      Submitted to    Atlassian Codegeist 2016    Created by  Front-endRoman SemenenkoFrom idea via full stack development to marketing and deploymentVasiliy Krokha 
  
  
  
 We learnt about Kyber, Compound and solidity a lot in the journeyPrizes we are competing for •  Kyber DeFi Champion • Kyber Runner-up: $3,000 • Kyber Finalists: $1,500 (8) • Compound x Kyber Prize: $3,500 • Compound x Kyber (Runner-up): $1,500 
 Not to use Xamarin ever again, or Photon, or downloading Visual Studio in the middle of a hack. 
  
  
  
 One of the most interesting things I found is the differences in how much water is used for irrigation for the same crop, but in separate states.  Some states have very similar irrigation needs, but others vary wildly.  For instance, on average California uses three times as much water to irrigate cotton than Texas. Wow! 
  
 Apache Spark, big data processingMachine learning algorithms, in this case specifically we used linear regression. We evaluated whether to use stochastic gradient depression in the regression, but we decided not to because it would take a longer time to process when the user is using the app. 
 See above :) 
 Team work pays a lot 
 I got motivated by this hackathon to develop my dream project and as a bi-product i have learned how to make an app 
     Leaning is always part of development. While developing we came up with many rules related to traffic which help us to understand how we can help ourself by following all those rules. 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 We learned many things because of this project.We learnt how two controllers communicate using I2C protocol.Learnt how the pulse sensor works.Got to know a lot about hardwae programming. 
 By finding out that there is an ASK CLI able to upload lambda code and skill information. I decided to make a frontend within a shell script to create the required models and skills manifest to create skills quicker and easier (https://github.com/robbalmbra1/AlexaBasicTemplate). With this working, I was able to use the Mocha test framework to test skill intents and slots offline, this was helpful and productive. 
 How to efficiently divide the tasks according to each teammates' core competenciesBeing focused on the task at hand 
  
 JFrame, BufferedImage, getRGB, listeners, how to combine our separate projects, how to come up with a plan in the beginning. 
 Node and NPM are awesome and we need to learn more. 
  
  
 Don't overestimate yourself about making a app just by yourself, get a team! 
  
  
 Come to a hackathon prepared. Save your devpost submissions.  
  
 I have discovered the different azure cognitive services and their usage.I have learned how fast to import data and create an index in azure search. 
  
 We learned about socket programming and EC2 and Apache  
 How wireless networks work. 
  
 Sleep who?My brain as well as my teammates are literally so tired writing this, it was near impossible for us to list anything because there was such an endless amount of things to list that we had learned.  
  
  
 A hospital does not have to be an exhausting, frustrating or even frightening experience. Many people have put a lot of thought into creating a patient friendly experience, especially for young people. 
 Learned about the file management in iOS, file extensions , viewing document, and of course the powerful APIs of the sendAnyhwhere. 
  
  
  
 Teaching Kids can be fun. I realized how the technology can help in creating beautiful voice and visual experiences for kids so that they enjoy learning in a new and fun way.I also learned a lot about Alexa Skills Kit, Alexa Presentation Language, Node.js, etc. 
 We all learned new technologies. Most of us hadn't worked with augmented reality prior to this hackathon. For those that did, we still treaded with new ground as we went through and implemented augmented reality with three different technologies. Even though we failed with Unity, we all learned quite a lot in order to get a basic application running. Once we switched over to using Xcode, most of us also learned to use Swift for the first time.We also learned the importance of hacking until the very end. We ran through countless errors with Unity and design problems with Swift. It didn't change the fact that we kept pushing through the process and continued to code. 
  
 How to use Python messenger APIs as well as how to develop a graphical user interface. 
  
  
  
 From this, we really learned that there is no "I in Team". The deliverables would definitely not been materialised if we did not rely on each other's expertise to resolve any barriers that each one of us faced. We also gained a deeper understanding into the complexities of how an accounting firm is being run as well as the dynamics of audit engagements. 
  
 NLU is messy and hard to control, Android Dev need time, I need to bring a pillow next time! 
 We learned a lot about Atlassian Connect framework and the JIRA Server plugin framework. 
  
  
  
 I learnt to use JBoss Middleware like openJDK to deploy the backend services on OpenShift Online. I also learnt to design user-friendly interface for the frontend using the messenger platform components.  
 The two biggest things that we learned is how to work as a team on the same code project and how to utilize multiple resources together. This was our first hackathon for all of us and we learned a lot about teamwork. For example, we learned to listen to each other's ideas, we learned how to plan and create separate objects that fit together, and we learned how to appreciate each others skills. Also, we learned how to combine multiple resources together to create a great project. The ProBot is a combination of MySQL, Amazon Web Services Relational Database Service, and Java. 
 We learned a lot of webdev skills using React, JavaScript, Figma, OpenCV with Python.  
 We learned how to use python in depth with integration with MySQL and Sklearn. We also discovered how to spawn a database with AWS. We also learned how to save classifiers to the database and reload them. 
 Dominik learned Python.Sean learned about the Android framework.Michael learned about networking via the Android OS.Dominik taught Antonio that Python has a continue keyword...We still haven't learned what the TBD prize was...? 
  
 First and foremost: The ethereum community really needs some robust light clients.Also, discussion of this use case really convinced us that easily-managed-by-grandma private cloud server applications need to exist, and need to be easy to create. We're excited in particular about finding a way to do this securely, safely, and with compelling use cases. 
 We learned about react, styling in react, and meteor reactivity with react.  Practice using the location api's.  More about how meteor reactivity and react can work together. 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 what is airline company aboutsome high-level understanding about what is under the hood 
  
  
 We learnt working with team members in proxy. There are times we disagree and then come to terms quickly because of the short time (#LOL) etc.Also, Standing on your toes and continuous thinking of better ways of solving the problem. 
  
  
 Unity, Alexa, and Firebase 
  
  
 I learned a lot about writing networked code, and thinking about decisions such as what logic goes on the server and what can be kept on the client. I also learned about how Javascript can be executed as a separate process within Nodejs (using the VM built in library) and about all the different ways of capturing and isolating an environment. (I'm currently taking a Programming Languages class so it felt highly relevant here!) I had also never used CreateJS before. I could have used Phaser, which is a library specifically built for games, and it probably would have been a lot easier, but I decided to use CreateJS because I hadn't used it before and because it's built to be more general (to support any rich interactive content on the web, not just games) I thought it would be a good tool to know.  
  
 It is possible to reuse a Single Page App frontend when doing connect development.How to use the javascript API of the Connect framework. 
 We learned a lot about threads and timing problems in Java. We also learned a lot about music theory as we browsed the internet on how to generate music.  
 Working on this project has strengthen my organization skills and has developed my ability of dealing with the pressure of tight deadline.I always wanted to develop a Chatbot but never managed to achieve a satisfying result using Riverscript. Getting access to Lex has enabled me to structure my thoughts and gave me the frame to build my project.From a personal point of view, this project gave me a massive boost of confidence and confidence gives the power to go the extra mile.  
  
 - 
  
  
 Since this project uses many third party tools we learned a lot by working on this project, including how to use Azure Function App with automatic triggering with IoT Hub, Azure Maps, ASP.NET Core, Entity Framework, and using VS Code for Arduino development. 
 I learned to train an app to perform a certain behavior.  I also learned about BOT framework that could be used for the future of Chitthi. During the discovery phase, I was surprised to see all the AI services Azure had for us developers. 
 Learned so much about technical stuffs and non-technical stuffs along the way of development 
 During the process of making this extension, I learned a lot about both the client and server side of WebSockets and about the Web Speech API, which I found rather interesting. Mostly about the way the WS subscriptions work and how Ruby on Rail's ActionCable handles them. 
 Using Camera on Android, Using GridLayout, Co-create on an idea 
  
  
  
  
 Techniques learned for future fabrication:Using Computer Aided Design to lay out the construction before hand could have revealed issues before time was spent building. We could also utilize 3D printing and laser cutting to quickly manufacture parts. The micro controller on the Arduino runs into issues with latency when uploading data over WiFi to a web server.New techniques we learned during this challenge:Learned how to program a web server on a microcontroller. Soldered pin headers to breakout boards. Learned how to  design gear ratios and drive trains. Learned manufacturing techniques for different materials. Learned to use SparkFun's ESP32 micro controller. 
 24 hours is not a lot of time to finish a hardware project.   
 How to build add-on for JIRA Cloud, how to set-up infrastructure and security in AWS and many more smaller things. 
 That eye tracking is a great addition to streaming for 3 main reasons:a) To allow viewers to understand the streamer decision-making process while they play. b) To allow viewers to see streamers reaction time, been able to measure Streamer eye-hand coordination with their own. c) An extra tool for educational streamers to showcase their game awareness and what they focus is in the different stages of the game. in addition, being able to have access to all the data that streamer generates with AWS has made us learn a lot about our users. What we initially thought was a great product for the battle royale and overall shooter genre, has given us an amazing response in some other communities. That has been the case with  OZU!, Tetris 99, Guitar Hero, Chess and Poker and IRL. We have also learned how to create a community out of this specific extension. What started as a support channel for new users, today is a place where streamers are constantly discovering new ways to use their eye tracker to connect deeply with their viewers. We are very aware that we have only just started and there is a long path to follow in terms of development, but for now, we have achieved great things and one of them is celebrating user content. We have done that not only by placing them into the spotlight. 
 Machine LearningImage RecognitionHow to build cross platform apps in React Native 
  
 There's still so much room for the Ethereum dev experience to grow and improve. Ran into a lot of testRPC/Metamask issues while developing locally. 
 We learned a lot about the web stack and, in particular, about how Chrome extensions work.What's next?Adding live preview to the main page and allowing users to send PNG files automatically over Messenger.Built WithjavascriptmathjaxTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    MHacks NanoWinner                1st Place              Winner                Top 12              Winner                All Submissions                  Created by  Implemented the live preview code and the click to copy LaTeX markup from renderings. Edwin ZhangUniversity of Waterloo Software Engineering '22Worked on the message passing and detection of network events.Brett SelbyI worked on the rasterization of the equation to PNG for those who don't have the extension.Mathieu GodinUniversity of Waterloo Software Engineering '22I came up with the idea, worked on the icon, initial MathJax setup, message passing and preview hiding.Dmytro ShynkevychUniversity of Waterloo Computer Science '22 
  
  
 We learned the following skills:    - Deploying a web application    - Using a sql database to persist information across clients    - Web development    - Create an app in Flutter    - Integrating and applying these skills to a unique, real-world problem 
 I learned a lot about AWS and deploying a Ruby on Rails application, I never actually built and deployed anything on my own. I also learned a lot more more about the Twitch Extension API and the data available through it. 
  
  
  
  
 Don't cheap out on marketing/design strategiesOrganizing on a tight deadlinePrioritizing features for an MVPSleep is a luxury 
 We learn more about ASL and Wearables. 
  
 That proto.io works like a charm with it's interactions panel and Node.js is capable of anything and everything.  
  
 We learned how to cooperate with team members and work well. More importantly we learned that coming up with a new and revolutionary idea isn't as important as to how we execute it because anyone can become great one day if they wanted. FutureWe are extremely passionate on this simple concept and we believe we can make it a reality. We need to first polish the system before we can find clients to showcase the product to. We would make this a startup and provide this service to restaurants.Built Withexpress.jshtmljavascriptnode.jsreactsassTry it outtinyurl.com      Submitted to    Hack&Roll 2017    Created by  Zainul AriffinDavid ChMuhd ZakiBing Huang Chin 
  
  
  
  
 AuthorizationSome nifty Vue.js tricksAPI ratelimiting (fun)Built Withexpress.jskeenuinode.jsrethinkdbvueTry it outdeskshare.ronthecookie.megithub.com      Submitted to    Hackalong - Twitch Community HackathonWinner                The "Create a Tool That Can Help Show Off Your Work to Others" Prize Package                  Created by  I worked on the main API functionality, everything but the authentication. Daniel GulicI make (and break) thingsI worked on mainly api communication between the frontend and backend, and I also made a lot of the frontend.Robert WestburyI worked on the backend, mainly the Github OauthRONTheCookieI worked on the frontend, mostly the form submission control and validation. I also desgined the logo and the interface along with RobertMarcos Gómez 
  
 Patience is key! Pre-planning the exact steps for execution is essential, as both aspects, hardware and software, require a level of expertise to display accuracy. 
  
  
 I learned that nothing is as straight forward as it should be. At every turn, there was a simple solution and a complex one, but the simple solution was often not an option. We originally wanted to build the voice interface and partner with a pre-existing real estate search company, but that wasn't as easy of a sell as we anticipated. The complex solution was to build our own website and search engine. Just as rewriting the code benefitted the future of our app, so did creating these services ourselves. By controlling all of the aspects of our product, I ensure every piece is the best. 
  
 When you need to use a microSD card, just don't. 
  
 We have found out how the Microsoft Graph's works and that we are able to create more apps this way. 
 I've learned a lot about HTML Canvas API.  
  
 This is my FIRST EVER go at programming so I've learned A LOT. From creating clean blur shaders (as seen i pause menu) to making my own enemy AI - it has been a long road. On top of all this I've also delved into C4D - something which I don't regret; the more I use Cinema4D the more curious I become... 
 JIRA Software REST API 
 A simple but effective Appian Application which suits all sorts of companies and industries.Import once and manage the rest using Actions in the Tempo Interface.Dynamic Categories, Groups, Mapping Members to Respective Groups & Mapping Respective Groups to Particular Categories. 
 We learned how flexible and extensible the Twitch platform really is. The APIs and endpoints can do a lot more than they seem at first look. The community forum is well established and people are willing to help when you get hung up. 
  
  
  
 Lots!  In the past I've done very light research into Alexa Skills but this was a full-blown exercise to see how far I could push the APL's user-perceived visual interface. 
  
  
 We are still learning :-)  
  
 The hardware in the FLIR One for smartphone is as good as standalone and expensive devices on the market! 
  
 A lot.  
  
 The BlueMix speech API is harder to setup than Google Speech API, but it is well worth the time. This is because it is more accurate and it breaks down sentences with punctuation and time stamp.  
 We had no prior experience in Ionic or Face recognition, so we learnt a great deal. We applied Ionic framework to bootstrap a simple cross-platform app really quickly. We discovered Parse - great alternative to managing your own database. We figured out the ins and outs of Face recognition with current technologies. 
 Office-365 Add-Ins are not that difficult, but the Excel API, particularly getting the Context object to synchronize is a bit tricky.  
  
  
  
 Using Microsoft Azure services & signalRBecoming familiar with C# & .NET environment. 
 Time management - how to save time from optimizing simple, everyday gestures. 
 This project solidified my technical skills, both in frontend and backend. And I am really happy to learn about SSL and Graph Database. At the same time, my frontend skills have gone up. 
  
  
  
  
 3/4 of the team learnt how to code a decentralized application, but more important than that, we learnt that we are such a great team and we'll be able to work together in real impact projects. 
  
 We had very limited knowledge about Internet of Things, IoT is a buzz word and touted to be the future we did not have any exposure in this area. Hack k-state has given us an opportunity to learn and understand IoT. 
 We learned that taking the time to start with a good plan can help a lot through all the process of making the solution. When we drift from the plan, we remind us of the plan and change it, if needed. 
  
  
 How to integrate cloud and set up alerts and push notificationsCreate custom UI elements and implement it to allow a smooth user experience 
 We learn to develop in:BabylonJSGoogle Cloud Platform 
  
 JS ,React360 ,working under pressure 
 The intricacies of artificial intelligence; small operational changes can have large-scale impacts on the success rate.   
 Monitoring and controlling the PureWater 16 via smart phone applications makes our machine efficient, flexible and user friendly. It also allows us to study user patterns and get insights into water conservation in addition to water production. A simple app and a smart phone is all you need! 
  
 As programmers we have a lot of power to make a difference in the world by creating apps that can help in the betterment of the society. Within 21 hrs we were able to make an Android Application that has the potential of becoming the next big thing and helping millions of people live a happier life. 
 Anna is a lower-division CIS student, but got experience with C++ by talking through the sample code, and pair programming it into our implementation with a more experienced programmer. Liz, Nicole, and Bishara learned how to solder, which made them feel empowered more to do projects with their interest in software embedded in different hardware. Joseph learned about networking and API's, mainly Internet of Things.  
 We learned Python a bit better (we were more of a javascript guys), we learned Flask (awesome, deffinetly use it more often for hackathons) and most importantly, we learned TensorFlow. Possivilities are endless. 
 We have learnt a great deal about UI/UX in trying to understand the perspective of users and designing the features to cater to their needs. 
 As always we have learned to work under pressure. It is a challenge to build something in 48 hours, and especially building something complex. We have also been given a lot of input from Zalando regarding their interests, and how we could make a business plan out of a simple idea.We have used new programming tools, which have been both fun and frustrating - but in the end extremely rewarding. 
 Serial communication, app development, tcp communication, voice command, nuance api. 
 The problem is not unique to our city and is common across the world and needs help. 
  
  
  
 We learned to configure Google Calendar API and Microsoft Graph APIWe learned to use Google Cloud Platform 
  
  
 Essentially everything the team did was all new to us. 
  
 AI is amazing, we can do a lot more cool things with JIRA dataset. 
 phpbootstrapajaxjavascriptjquerywhenhub api 
  
 We learned a lot about how to use Solr, Slack/Hubot API's, machine learning in the natural language realm, and how to organize a large project. 
  
  
 Refugees get 510 hours of English language education in Australia, but many consider this not to be enough, depending on their mother tongue and country of origin.Building software to help refugees learn a foreign language doesn't mean building something radically different from other language education software, as long as it's accessible and inexpensive. 
 Android and web development; team-work and project management under short deadlines; idea generation and mastering hackathons. 
  
 I learned that I hate writing Java. As of right now AWS Lambda mainly supports two runtime environments which are node.js and Java. I couldn't figure out how to get NPM modules loaded in Lambda (Save yourself some time, just read this) so I decide I would just use Java instead and take advantage of all the built-in libraries, or so I thought. After struggling with Eclipse, and then struggling to install the AWS SDK for Eclipse (something something Data Tools Platform?), I switched back to node.js and bundled the npm modules as a ZIP file thanks to the guide above. 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 Swift, UI Design, UIKit 
  
  
 How to connect Arduinos to other computers with Serial to servers to Google Cloud to another server to a camera.  
 We learned how to use Google Places API, Google Location Services, Geofences, and Apple Maps API. 
  
  
 -Wolfram is incredible. Seriously.-Sentiment Analysis is a really powerful tool, but you have to get your dictionaries and algorithms well tuned.Built Withbeautiful-soupcssindeedjadejquerynode.jspythonsentiment-analysis-onlinewolfram-cloudwolfram-technologies      Submitted to    MHacks 6Winner                Best Use of Wolfram Tech                  Created by  I created the node.js backend and middleware layers in an attempt to seamlessly blend our multiple APIs into our webapp. Additionally worked on our optimization algorithm to produce the highest quality results on the job page.Sai NaiduBuilt the web scraper, sentiment analysis and ranking algorithm from scratch. Integrated with Wolfram technologies to supplement sentiment analysis algorithm and do the data visualization.Mark GeeInterest in computers and sensors with majors in Biological Engineering, Biochemistry and Plant BreedingI worked on the front end.  I coded the website in jade. I used flexbox in css to make it fully responsive. I also added in jquery to add functionality to the drop down menus. Mitchell LeeWayne Shengwei Ge 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 HTM, Sensor configuration, flight data, Clusters configuration. 
 Dont get deceived by those Sci-Fi movies, OpenCV is nowhere close to offering smooth detection using cameras.Built-in webcams in laptops really let you down when you need them the most.Most importantly, we had fun making it and hope you have fun playing it too. 
  
  
 We learned how to work effectively as a team 
  
  
 When I started this project I thought I would have an application that was complete. During the process of developing the application I realized that even though the original scope was fundamentally complete, the potential for what this application could be and do is just in the early stages and far from being complete.   
 A lot about the tweeks of voice recognition. In german there three kinds of nouns (male, female and neutral) and ordinal numbers like first and second changes for them. Input: Alexa only recognizes the male form, but message is female. So second message is not "zweiter Nachricht" it is "zweite Nachricht". But if Alexa is asked to match "zweite" to a number, it tries to match it to a male form, which results in twelve. Here I made an own type for female ordinal numbers. This enables me to add nick names like "letzte" (last), "vor letzte" (second last), "neuste" (newest) to those numbers, so that the user has more variances in calling the skill. Output: I could not just put "... 2. ..." into the response, I created an array with the correct word for an amount of numbers. While creating the response, I invoke a function with the number. If the number is inside the range of the array elements, it uses the number as index and responses the word. If the number exceeds the array, it responses the number with a dot. So for most numbers it will be correct German - but in rare cases (common is to have under 10 messages in a voice mail system, and if more, only those 10 last are the one of interest), it will at least give back the information with a bit of bad German ;-) 
 We learned how to transfer data from a microprocessor, like the Arduino, to the web and allow people around the world to have access to the data. We also learned how to convert gestures into meaningful and accurate data. Most importantly, we learned how easy it can be to make a difference in the world! 
  
  
  
  
  
 A new way of payment provided by KlarnaKlarna's architecture, APIs and development toolsTips and tricks in using HTML5 and jQuery to create elegant and beautiful websitesTeam spirit and energy drink are very important to keep us awake :-) 
  
 About fb tools configurationsAbout hapi.js configurationsMore about mentoring 
 We learned how to use GCP and simulate keyboard and mouse clicks in python. 
  
 This was the first time doing web development all but one of our members. This whole experience of building the front-end and a back-end was a great learning experiences for all us. 
  
  
 So much about API endpoints. 
  
 We learned about the importance of teamwork and friendship :) 
 1) Javascript scripting,2) Serial communication via internet,3) Templating,4) Server and Client communication5) Teamwork 
 First and foremost, we learned how to use Firebase. We all improved our abilitiy with JavaScript, CSS, and HTML, especially Canvas. 
  
  
  
 Magnitude of impact that our purchasing decisions can make. 
 From Cad Design, rendering, mqtt, to the more chemical part of this process, things like how water purification works, water condensation, optimized processes to obtain water from humidity. We also learn A LOT about California's use in air conditioning, we went to tons of data to make sure this project is feasible.  
 I learned a lot about Openshift's platform, and the benefits it brings to the table. In terms of both easing workflows, and not having to manage Dockerfiles and complicated container networking.I also learned a lot about Node.js and MongoDB. 
  
 Unity, rapid prototyping, brainstorming and idea validation. 
 APIs are very hard to use.CSS is actually very fun to mess around with.How to use telegram bot API.Sometimes, simplicity is key. 
  
  
 We learned many things throughout the hackathon, but the big lesson of the day was that image classification requires a lot of computational power in order to train accurate identifiers (especially when it comes to training against a data set as large as the amount of food on Earth). What's next?We are thinking of continuing further with this project, as well as possibly shipping this app to the App Store in hopes of improving the lives of many.Built Withazurecloudsightcsshtmliosjavascriptnode.jsnutritionixobjective-cshellxcodeTry it outusekenko.co      Submitted to    PennApps XIIWinner                Best Cloud Based Mobile App (Sponsored by Goldman Sachs)                  Created by  I organized communication channel between front-end and back-end, and wrote the front-end iOS appKevin FransheyI wrote the Node.js backend for the app, in addition to mocked up the app's design (color palette, fonts, layout, buttons, etc.). I also wrote the landing page. This app was a great learning experience, and a lot of fun to make!Gautam MittalI like building and breaking things. 
  
  
 Some of us learned how to develop mobile app for the first time.Others learned how to plug and play new APIs in a short amount of time. (6h and procrastination/fun) 
  
 I learned a lot about the AWS machine learning services. 
 We learned to code with css and JavaScript, as well as how to create a complete website.  
  
 I learned how to import and manipulate assets as well as design inside of Unity. 
 Data Manipulation, Terminal Command line, TCP/IP Network Authentication, Port Forwarding, Direction Finding, and Python. 
 Intense Perseverance in the face of mind boggling math to do computer vision and engineering a distributed system with no single point of failure. 
  
 I learned a lot about the different techniques I can use to analyze the text. I also did learn about the Google Text to Speech API and a few other APIs as well. 
  
 It is very easy to start building power ups for Trello. The documentation is comprehensive and it is possible to start developing even without a backend or any remote services. 
 There is no such thing as a small project.  This app started off as a one-week project for us, and as we finished functionality, we kept coming up with features and multiple ways to improve user experience.  This was a true test of agile development for us.  As we completed functionality, we continually added more, while upgrading our architecture to be more extensible to new user requests. We thought we were Excel experts, but as we got people to test, we found new and interesting ways people would break the editor.  This was challenging, but also a great learning experience in seeing how all people use Excel and how we can make their experience better. 
  
  
  
  
  
 We learned how to work on a more untraditional environment with the General Motors sdk as well as learned how to implement and bring together various technologies.  
 The algorithm needs to be fine-tuned a bit to take into account that these medication reactions are not happening on the same pathway. Along with developing the application for statistical analysis, we learned how to utilize a server and launch the application on the web. 
 I learned how to use both Xcode and CustomVision.  
 New experiment: I’m trying to launch a real product at Disrupt Hackathon, so unlike my usual iOS TestFlight app, I figured a WebGL link that anyone can access works the best. I’d love to learn from all of your feedback! Help an ugly girl out? 
 Releasing a Twitch extension is hard work, there are a lot of hoops you have to jump through to pass review, and what initially started as a very simple concept very quickly evolved into something quite complex. We are very glad that we planned far ahead and it has reinforced for us the importance of good design and planning. Don't leave your reviews to the last minute! 
 We learned how to develop the software in a short amount of time. Pitching is also a valuable technique we learnt from this hackathon. 
  
  
 React-Native, Apollo, GraphQL 
  
 We learned to use the Shopify API and that we can build really useful apps with that in the future. 
 Well... We all worked together in all the steps of the project: planning, definitions, implementing and testing...This hackathon was good to learn from our teammates' experience, since all of us work with PHP since the last decade and we came from PHP 4.We improved our skills of team work and remote job collaboration and our knowledge of PHP Unit and REST. 
 We learned how to deploy meteor.js to IBM's BlueMix, and all of us made advancements in our individual skill set. 
 As this was our first hackathon, the time we had available was smaller than we had initially thought and we learned that if you want to create something, you really have to take into account the time you have. Maybe next time we will create something that can be reasonably done in 48 hours and is still innovating and useful.  
  
 That I can accelerate webdevelopemement pretty much, when having a good knowladge about the Modul-Landscape. 
 It became apparent over the course of the project that the problem/solution we are tackling is so fundamental that prospective end users / customers were grappling with understanding its potential revolutionary impacts on process improvements.  That drove us to closing the gap with integrating day-to-day end-user functions with the Care Flow Map so the solution will provide immediate, tangible values to the current care coordination environments.  That certainly increased our original scope.  However, we realized that it is the same struggle many technology companies might have faced with. 
  
 Certainly Apache Spark (PySpark to be specific). As a long time data scientist, numerical methods using numpy are familiar to me, but being able to distribute the processes via an RDD was a real joy and impressive at times. My development cycle was helped by seeing results (and mistakes) quicker than I would have otherwise. Seeing the power and scalability of Apache Spark was a great value in the Sparkathon and Spark will remain a tool I'll use for future projects. 
  
 We learned how to create augmented reality scenes using Vuforia and Unity. Most of the team had never touched either of these platforms, and so a lot of our development was in uncharted territory. We learned also about Interac and how effortless it is to send and receive money using their E-Transfer API.Lastly, we learned a bit about using Azure to obtain resources in the cloud. 
  
  
 Learned Polymer and Google APIs \o/Hackathons are fun!That there is a distinct lack of data centralisation when it comes to refugee resources, support and services 
 We will continue to increase our library of API's.  No matter what tool you use your snippets will be at you are creating.Built WithjavaTry it outstore.office.com      Submitted to    Hack ProductivityHack Productivity 3    Created by  Bob Girolamo 
 First time use of Android, you hustle or you don't demo 
 Game Design is fun and challenging!Math is important for game design, vectors, speeds and such.Event loop in games is different from normal apps.  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 JIRA Java API and the Atlassian ecosystem. 
 We learned that nursing home residents in the United States have the highest concentration of depression. One in two residents in a nursing home are clinically depressed. We conducted a literature review on the therapeutic and depression reducing effects of reminiscence therapy. TSOLife is a unique platform that it not only serves as a tool for reminiscence therapy, but as a tool to get family members more involved in the lives of those in nursing homes. We recognize that TSOLife is not only in a position to make a major impact on the genealogy industry as a whole, but also has a larger social impact. 
 To work under pressure, iterate fast, fail faster to move forward, and communicate with each other as a team  
  
  
  
 We learned a lot in terms of both technical and behavioral aspects.We started with learning how to use GCP's API to how to host our product on AWS. We then explored how to use ANN, MFCCs, and CNN to build a model for Automatic Speech to Speech Translation. Besides, learning a lot of technical stuff, we also learned a lot of other more important things like patience and never giving up.  
  
  
 We learned that dealing with language is particularly tricky, because it is easy for a machine to create something that doesn't sound quite right, and conversely, very hard to train a good meme generator. 
 During the development for HackSat, we have learned a lot about radio transmission, a huge lot about serial port and how to communicate data between 3 different micros, using 2 different protocols.  
  
 Predicting accurately is a herculean task. It requires a trial and error approach to get the algorithm right. Always err on the side of safety when predictions are related to healthcare. It's a fine balance between sending alerts when most needed and avoiding annoying the person we need to alert. Again trial and error approach helps to get the optimal level of alerting.  
  
 We learned a lot about Computer Vision techniques and ways to play with image-related datasets. We also realized how important it is to do image preprocessing and image enhancement before we use Machine Learning algorithms to train and test the data.  
  
 This was our first hackathon for two of our members. We learned how to use an Arduino, and integrating it with python using the Serial port. None of us had ever used the Google Cloud before so we all learned a little about using mySQL. 
 Wow. What didn't we learn? I've been doing professional design and development for 20 years and I'm amazed about the things I've learned working on a voice-based experience. I'm really excited about it and I'm looking forward to continue working in this space. For the rest of the family, I think it's a mix; Jack is really excited about computers, Katie is really excited about technology and education, and Luke is really excited about everything! 
 Together, we learned how to integrate Google Maps API as well as Firebase in Android, which none of us has ever done.Future UpdatesIn the future, filtering of subjects, profiles, and ratings will be implemented, thus increasing the usability of the appBuilt Withandroid-studiofirebasegoogle-mapsjavaxmlTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    nwHacks 2016    Created by  Designed UI/UX and logo. In addition implemented Maps by integrating Google Map Fragments.Neeraj AggarwalPrimarily focused on UX/UI, also contributed to hooking up the back-end with Firebase and GeoFire. Alex JordacheLife.I worked to set up the FireBase database with GeoFire location based querying, along with plotting tutors onto the integrated map as well as user authentication. I also worked to integrate every group member's work into one cohesive structure. Stephen Van SonI worked on the UI using Android Studio. This being my first Hackathon, I learned a lot more than I would have learning to code on my own. Anand SamraChemical Engineering student learning how to program 
  
  
  
 Python , django , how to work with APIs , how to work in team with people you don't know and knowing when to ask for help ! We also learnt how to narrow things down for the sake of the prototype ! 
 Hella. 
  
 MeteorJS is awesome out of the box:Fast development turn aroundEasier to teach new comersFast, responsive, reactive interfaces that update in real-timeEasier management of complex dependencies 
 This is our first hackathon and the biggest difference was the fact that we had discussed about our ideas beforehand. Coming into Junction, we already had a clear, general idea of what we wanted to make, and as soon as we got here, we were able to utilize the available resources to implement our idea quickly. With this time advantage, we were able to concentrate more on the app design, UX, and UI, which gives our app greater leverage over competitors. 
 I have tried to collect more and more features. But an important simple value contains so many information. The hardest part is how to find it, and extract valuable information out of it. 
  
 We learned about the challenges facing refugees in being able to use their existing skills to find appropriate work in Australia. 
 We determined the lack of passion students have for courses they're studying, generally. We also discovered that career choices are made haphazardly simply based on word of mouth or random recommendations from people, which shouldn't be so. 
 We have learned the power of collaboration, team spirit, innovative thinking & problem solving. This project also help us in understanding the importance of  well defined plan and time management 
 We are particularly proud of the website that was made entirely from scratch. It was a particularly nice experience to visually create the site the way we wanted it to look.  
 I learned a lot about twitch extensions. 
 So many gotchas with elastic, hive, logstash, and kibana configurations... Because this is a fairly new concept for Wayfair, we had quite a learning curve to get through before we were able to actually load the data into elastic search, but thankfully there's a lot of very well written documentation about companies like ours who have also taken the plunge.  
 Javascript can make you go nuts if running in background making multiple async requests and you have race conditions all aroundWe as a team can push ourselves to the corners we haven't seen before. 
 IBM Bluemix Whispir real time and rich messaging Alohar Android API Context based data analytics Sensor data analytic Communication as a service for real time communication 
 Coming up with an idea and executing it is not easyAll the libraries are actually already out there; you just need to be able to know where to find themTeamwork makes the dream work 
 We learned how to make a working Telegram Bot using node.js, linking to firebase and constantly thinking of better ways to optimise our code.  
 We learned how to experiment with APIs and app building and designing. We also discovered the importance of brainstorming and drawing out wireframes and sketches before implementing the idea. 
  
 I learned too much. I learned how to make a game, how to find solutions the problems that I encountered, how to use Unity with 2D... I think you can learn when you are making a project because at that time you have to explore search then find some algorithms or way to solve problems. When you do that, you learn. But it doesn't mean that I learned everything. There are too many codes, algorithms to learn. So keep searching :) _ 
 The use cases for telehealth are as broad as the providers and the patients they care for. We have learned that our customers want a flexible technology with a modular feature set that they can scale throughout their entire organization. We have also learned that healthcare moves at different paces, depending on the priorities, budget, internal teams, etc. We learned to work with our customers to develop the strategies and deployment plans that will lead to a successful rollout. We treat our customers like partners and learn as much from them as they do from us. 
 I had to create a sentence casing class, and using some code from SO, I learned how to extend the String prototype. All new stuff to me. 
  
 Hack day projects don't have to involve code! 
  
 Arduino!I had never touched an Arduino before this project, and I have come to love how easy it is to automate things with one.C++Before this project I had worked with Java, Swift, Python, PHP, and SQL, but my past projects did not require any programs written in C++. Since the Arduino compiles C++, I learned a lot about the language, especially when writing the GPS library and NMEA sentence parser.NMEA DataIt was very cool to learn what most GPSs output, and how to interact with the GPS in order to get the information desired.Bluetooth Low EnergyI had always had a small fascination with bluetooth, and writing code that worked with it was very cool to me. I enjoyed how easy the Arduino 101 BLE API was to use.PWM (Pulse Width Modulation)I had used PWM in the past to control servo motors, but this project took me into the details of it. I learned the different between PWM frequency, duty cycle, and pulse length. 
 Started with problem, caused a big Question, found the cause, then the most important thing was transform the problem into solution and creative ideas through our invention in the form of a simple application android that can be used and hopefully useful for everyone.Such positive points that we got during our Codeathon activity in Jakarta 7 – 8 October 2017 is really inspired us to think and see beyond our imagination. Interesting experience during the discussion with the expert speakers shows us that “Solution is Easy”. Sharing with new friends and giving our contribution as part of project can change our habit. Really an unforgettable experience!“EXPRESS YOUR IDEAS EVERYWHERE AND ANYWHERE”, because your ideas can be a problem solution either for you or other people. 
  
 The most important thing we learned is team-driven collaboration and the division of tasks to ensure maximum productivity. With such a complex app such as Guru, it was imperative we all were on the same page, focusing on different areas of the application and tying them in at the end into one superb app. This meant raging through intense git merges, trying to manage 3 people working on the same Xcode project and resolving major conflicts that seemed impossible. At the end of the day, however, we did it together and that's what matters.   
 IBM bluemix + Node-RED starter is a great tool which can create an application in really short time. It makes you can challenge to new programming languages, new API to create systems that you are hesitated, because of heavy duty and difficult configuration to develop the infrastructure.   Also, creating one Node-Red examples, you can flexibly apply with other proposes. switching databases or changing relations.(e.g. To inform storm coming in Other cities) What's nextCreating APIBuilt Withbluemixcloudantnode.jsnoderedtwilioTry it outakanode.mybluemix.netgithub.com      Submitted to    Bluemixathon: Operation Rescue & RecoveryWinner                Bluemixathon Category Runner-up Awards – Groups and Relief Organizations                  Created by  I worked creating SMS sending system including with our great team "Toshimix":The Requirement service Phone number created byMr.Hagiwara's Requirement phone. http://devpost.com/software/requirement-phone Mr.Nakayama and Mr.Tmohiro's  Disaster prevention opendata of Toshima modelhttp://devpost.com/software/disaster-prevention-system-of-toshima-modelKotaro Shimada 
 Working with Atlassian Connect framework is very easy and is well documented for rapid development. 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 ton of Docker conceptsHealth concepts from research (vitamins, diseases, conditions, etc)bit about Machine Learning 
  
  
 Thanks to this Alexa Skills Challenge 2017, I also got the drive to learn something new. In this regard, I learnt Node.js, Express.js as well as Alexa SDK and about AWS Lambda's Serverless platform. These skills came very handy some interviews as well. 
  
 html5 and web development, video editing. 
 So many things, where do I start? I have definitely learned lots of new coding techniques, including how to debug errors, but probably the thing I have learnt most is how valuable it is to network, share your ideas with others, get feedback early on and then to hands on beta testing performed. This really helps to shape the initial idea, and to find out things from others that you might not even have thought about otherwise.I am very grateful for the friends I have in the Alexa Developer community.Here is a great review that was made by a fellow Alexa Developer and her grandchildren - https://youtu.be/C5TJLUwN3Bo  
 Quickly expiring tokens are evil. OAuth tbd. 
 We have learned how to create an end-to-end deep learning product from scratch. Build a product is never an easy thing, but we did it. Also, we are more familiar with TensorFlow 2.0 API, which just makes a big change but becomes more easy to pick up! 
  
  
  
  
 ML is pretty hard. Getting data can be even harder. 
 Using and maintaining web APIs. Adroit's backend is its own small API, and uses both Twitter and Google's own developer APIs.Principles of NLP in context. For instance, we considered how to group text in order to get the most effective sentiment and entity analysis.Design and adaptability as a team. Our team members were nearly complete strangers to each other two days ago, and Adroit’s development was tied to the process of learning to work with a brand new team. 
 The basics of the arduino and how we can use it in the internet of things 
  
 I learned much more about the Particle platform, and more about hardware design. 
 how to authenticate correctly and how to add multimedia content in word 
  
 I really learned how to create a chrome extension. I've never done it before :) 
 The HTM theory can work for creating a robust knowledge graph. Also intelligent bots will have to depend on knowledge graphs if they are going to be useful for a common use cases  
  
 We learned how to split up tasks and make sure everyone on the team had something to work on. We also learned a lot about how to query MongoDB for spacial data and setting our models correctly. 
  
  
 Don't code after 11pm without taking a nap first. It won't go well. Also, commit early and commit often.Built Withcadcss3dat-guihtml5javascriptjquerystats.jsthingiversethree.jstracking.jsTry it outnealrs.github.iogithub.com      Submitted to    LevelUp 1 · Computer vision with tracking.js    Created by  Now watch me whipNeal ShyamI write Devpost's weekly newsletter. I also write code. 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 My goal for the kids was to have them run around the house completing their tasks, and every now and then either yell to alexa that they're done, or run back to the device to take a look and remember what they're supposed to be doing.I learned a lot about multimodal design, how to produce graphics for devices of different sizes, and most valuably - how to balance and guide users through the different attention spans required for each modality (speech and screen).  
 Combining StatusPage with JIRA Service Desk opens up a world of possibilities. Now that Atlassian has acquired StatusPage, we can expect some very interesting integrations which will make both products even more capable. 
 How to work with speed, collaborate and use technologies shared during the hack. 
  
  
 During this process, we learned a great deal about connecting to a variety of Office 365 information. We also learned how Bots can be used to help organizations stay on task and keep organized, and quite a few Bot troubleshooting techniques.Directions for useIt's easy! Using Chrome and a device with a user-facing camera, visit the "Try it out" link. Or click here.Note: If you're a judge, there should be some login information in the testing instructions. 
  
 Passport.jsMongoDB 
 I learned how to implement a variety of powerful tools, indico.io's apis, materialize's beautiful css framework, and facial detection 
 During development we learned a good deal about web design with React components, as well as how to transition our simulation from using a preset path to the tool locations given by MTConnect. By saving state information at higher levels we are able to propogate changes to all components in a timely fashion. This enables all our UI elements to run in sync without losing information between transitions. Understanding how to read the MTConnect data took some time but proved to be a worthwhile time investment. The richness of the data allowed us to easily display all the relevant information. In addition we also were able to get important experience working as a team on a large code base, especially in regards to using Git as a source control tool.  
  
  
 you can refresh an issue page using Atlassian Connectyou can plug into left side of issue viewVuejs components are truly reusable (WOW) 
 Taking on challenges with only little to no experience can be exceptionally rewarding, exciting and fun! One never knows what one can learn!Using emerging technologies have the potential to define opportunities in the future with just a bit of creativity. Working with the Arduino 101 and the Grove Starter Kit Plus on the hack opened up our eyes to how exciting these products are as we have only used a couple of the sensors. We are now Arduino 101 and Grove sensor evangelists! Stopping work on this idea is not an option as we now see the important value NEATVIBEwear can have reducing health risks to individuals and society in addition to providing better consistency and quality data to research and studies, for example, crowd sourcing data from multiple NEATVIBEwear users within a noise-impacted area. 
 Bluetooth is a lot more complicated than we initially gave it credit for -- we had to learn a lot about subscription models and UUIDs and the like.  It was also extremely difficult to debug, and the most unexplainable issues are often best solved by resetting the Bluetooth on the phone.Different versions of Android have different problems with Bluetooth -- we need to be more considerate of different versions of the same platform when developing future projects.All of Evothings and Plot.ly!  This was a great first experience with IoT, and we were surprised to see so many tools and technologies specifically designed for IoT projects.Each of us also became better hackers in general; other than Arduino, there was not a single technology we used for this project that all of us have used before! 
 None of us had any knowledge of python, raspberry pi, or how solenoids functioned. Now that we have done this project, we are much more comfortable in working with these things. 
  
 Lots 
  
 Team Work, Android Debugging Skills, Time Management. 
 Many things, how to manage my time for coding, and new techs like Silex, App Inventor and Google Maps API 
  
  
 -We were exposed to a lot of familiar data in formats that may weren't as familiar, and thus learned how to use it more efficiently. -We learned how so much of this data, familiar or not, can provide very unique and beneficial alternatives for accomplishing tasks that users may not have been able to before. -This was our first hackathon experience as a team and individually, and we learned a lot about how much can be done with a lot of dedication and a little bit of time.  
  
  
  
 We learned a lot in swift, hardware, arduino, networking, teamwork, and everything we did. 
  
 An Aging PopulationCurrent farmers are aging out, resulting in a loss of knowledge. The US may soon see a lack of people growing healthy food close to home. The US is losing farms at an alarming pace, and the majority of farm subsidies go to animal feed and sugar, not healthy food for people.Sharing ExperienceFarmers, especially the young ones who are just starting out, cannot easily support or learn from each other, but it’s important to them to be able to share information, new approaches, and advice on how to respond to different challenges. They need to make decisions such as when to plant and harvest, what crops grow well in their area, what works with regards to soil type and weather patterns, and how to deal with adverse conditions. Farmers primarily plan their crops by spending time researching online or they get advice by talking to other farmers at farmers markets. They would like to receive information in the moment, but people are busy, and finding the right person to talk to is all about being at the right place at the right time. One way to facilitate sharing would be to combine farm journals and weather data across people and locations. Finger to the WindWe are trying to quantify things people aren’t used to quantifying. These things usually go by gut feeling, such as gauging soil moisture. Everything is in the farmer’s head, and they make decisions based on their experience. Farmers learn from their mistakes by reviewing their farm journals. There is an opportunity to help farmers focus attention during critical times with alerts that then lead to recommended responses. We would like to add recommendations to the Farmed application in the future.SustainabilitySustainability, like the term ‘organic’, means different things to different people. To many farmers, sustainability means taking care of the land, growing the soil, and managing the farm in such a way that the farm is a closed system that sustains itself. To some, sustainability is about being able to feed the nation in an accountable way for many generations to come. To others, sustainability is about feeding the local community and maintaining a balanced personal lifestyle. 
 I learned many things like Grove Sensors, analyze and organize data to be able to get right one. I also learned how to use this colorful LCD. 
 The web technologies we've used and the potential of the Alchemy API. 
 What it feels like to be a fatherHow to complete a project in a weekendIntegrating software and hardwareSerial communication with C++ sucks 
  
 Not about p-adics... :( But who knows... Maybe the nex time? Stay tuned!AboutOur project is hosted in github here.Built Withbootstrapexpress.jsnode.jsthree.jsTry it outtensorblock.tech      Submitted to    HackUPC 2018Winner                Best Video Game                  Created by  Helped to setup the three.js enviroment for the game and structured the node.js project including the mongo database.Taras YaremaI worked on the logic of the game defining the mind-fucking structure that is derived from time travels. Learned a lot about threejs.Marco PraderioM315Nil Garcés 
  
  
  
  
  
 We learnt a lot about community engagement, Kin SDK, and viral growth effects of rewards or loyalty program. We never thought implementing cryptocurrency-based rewards program in our platform would be so simple. :) Thanks, Kin.org   
  
 Had 2 nights full of debugging Merkle trees and verifying signatures related issues :) 
  
  
  
 The biggest thing I learned was how to effectively organize time on a project. There were several times where I wanted to stop progress to fix a small detail, but I realized that if I didn't move on I wouldn't have a finished product at all.I also learned some cool javascript tips and tricks, and some more knowledge on NLP. 
 I learned a lot a things from this project . Lovely Project, I love this game personally.Facebook is a great Platform to interact with others. There are many things that I learned For example sticking For long time into something will give you better reward. 
  
  
  
  
  
 It's important to focus on the core of your product and keep things simple, especially on short time frames. 
 Instantiate is cpu intensive. 
 We were able to learn how a Hackathon works and got experience in working with a remote team of new people in such a short notice. 
 Evidence from our grandparents’ love letters reveals it is better to fall in love without a smartphone. 
  
 NLP is very deep and complex, Serverless Architecture 
 We now have a lot of respect for the engineers at Spotify. Streaming audio is no joke; attempting to play a stream seamlessly is also incredibly difficult. We are now all familiar with Go and far more familiar with websockets, to the point that we plan to use both for future hacks. We primarily work on back end projects, but Overhear is hefty on the front-end; we are proud that we designed and implemented a cross-platform design so quickly. 
 Even a small feature means a lot of work. 
 We learnt how to debug Alexa and Echo better. We learnt how to use Selenium Webdriver (We have never used before)We learnt to use Hardware (RaspberryPi and Sphero) along with SoftwareWe also experimented and used SendGrid Mail APIv3 and MapQuest APIUsing a single programming language for all the functionalities simplifies the integration 
 We learned than managing dependancies through NPM in a Typescript project using Webpack isn't as easy as it seems. Thus, we decided to drop all of those dependencies and used vanilla Javascript instead to fit the 24h time frame. 
  
  
 Using multiple resources such as MyScript and iOS can make miracles :-) That said, I can say also that the concept of machine learning is and will be the standard in future generation software where a smart assistant is always expected. 
  
 IOT and also how easy it is now to integrate with microsoft APIs. The gateway to office APIs is very useful since most of the companies already have microsoft accounts for employees. Many more apps can be built on top of the office APIs  
  
  
 I learned how APL document works, how to design custom layouts for different devices of different sizes etc. Also it was my first Multi Modal Alexa Skill, so feeling proud to bring visuals to the voice <3It's always fun building an Alexa Skill :) 
  
 We learned about the various preventive measures for substance abuse, some navigating URL techniques in the Python programming language, and much more! 
 I have no idea how to use Unity 
 It was interesting to learn about the current standards in voice processing tools. We were really fascinated to discover that there were open source libraries that offered text-to-speech abilities in almost any language or dialect that you'd care to name. This app also gave the both of us an eye-opener into web development with Flask.  
 You can create and learn a lot in a single day or weekend. 
  
 1) Using Openshift to host REST server2) Use of cookies to maintain sessions.3) Great adventure with the asynchronous nature of NodeJS.4) Some basics in the direction of building great user interface design. 
  
  
 Working with Alexa Skills Kit.Creating skill for Echo Show 
 Create our own video live stream architecture and to integrate MICROSOFT AZURE 
 Learned a great deal about Augmented Reality and its application to make your surroundings exciting.  
 Lots new Android concepts, and material design.trnql, especially smart peopleHow NTP works and how we get same time across all devices.  
  
  
 Taylor: Familiarized myself with JavaScript, Node.js, MongoDBSteve: Introduced myself to Mongoose applicationAlex: Learned how much more I love Angular than IonicEmily: Learned Ionic, and also that I hate JavaScriptAll: Don't make a Node.js API unless you understand JavaScript 
 Trying new things on Trello Power up. 
 We learned how to composite multiple Canvases atop each other and persist them to a video.We learned about serverless and uploading things to the cloud in an efficient way.We learned about working with ArrayBuffers and ByteArrays.We learned that developer experience is a high priority. 
 we learned a lot about the Meteor framework like reactive design, how Meteor organize its codes and technologies used in Meteor.  we learned some new things about communicating with Raspberry Pi. 
 I hadn't used interrupts or state machines before in Arduino code so that was a good learning experience.  Also, I'm happy to have learned just how low Curie's power consumption is while in sleep which gives me ideas for a number of future battery driven projects. 
 We learned : Amazon IOTAmazon KinesisAmazon S3Amazon lambdaAmazon DynamoDBAmazon API GatewayAmazon SNS 
 This is our first time in a hackathon and was the first time for some of us working with Meteor so We learned new technologies and networking with other teams, it was fun to drive meters away and see how the application behaves. 
  
  
  
  
 Different aspects of the Unity engine 
  
  
  
 How to handle concurrency issues - multiple apps accessing and updating same database at the same timeHow to handle multiple languages in both text and voice inputOffline caching of data - and sending online when possible 
 Ming Liang: Adversarial examples, he read 4 papers at the Hackathon, and Keras. Keras was surpassed his expectations.Jet: Adversarial machine learning theory, web protocols, OpenCV, and... piano?Bing Cheng: Many, many, many web... stuff. 
 Gamify Everything! 
  
 Android studio and Estimote.  
 Styling components is never a quick task! 
 Friendship <3Game mechanicshtml canvas how to make custom fonts 
 • Most people don’t search both Airbnb and hotel listings to compare because it’s too time consuming and a         hassle• Contextual information is hugely important – providing one source of info (car rental prices) is useful but doesn’t         provide a meaningful source of data until paired with its alternative (ride sharing costs) so users can make an         informed decision and be confident in their choice• There are a lot of travel APIs and it requires work to stitch everything together to create a meaningful tool 
  
 By doing a deep dive into the state of the radiology service line and exploring it to determine where and how this product fits in, we learned a great deal about the different parts of the industry.What’s next for ScanShareWe want to further expand the program with knowledge trees to help doctors. It should have natural language processing to derive and give diagnostic recommendations and knowledge based on the notes of the doctor. In addition, it should also be able to use algorithms to predict the diagnostic group in which the scanned fracture or problem may be in. This should be done as a comparison between a healthy model and the model being analyzed. We would also like to expand on the collaborative aspects of the platform to include systems where experts may give assistance to radiologists.Built Withgoogle-cloudherokumongodbtorchuipathTry it outwww.scanshare.megithub.com      Submitted to    MedHacks 2019Winner                Best UiPath Automation Hack                  Created by  I developed the ScanShare mobile app by employing a smooth UI/UX experience for radiologists/surgeons in a mixed reality setting.Sai AguruI created the back end pipeline that takes DICOM files from users, converts the files to STL models and pushes changes to Dropbox.Alexander ProschekI was able to help with the formation of the idea behind the project. I researched the background as well as different medical scans and how to identify parts of the body in these scans.Riya MehtaDhathri Bobba 
 A lot about React.js and related stuff.Also, I learned that Okta is pretty cool! Definitely a time/energy saver for future hackathons, and it was a blast figuring out all the neat things that Okta can do out-of-the-box. 
 There is always something we all can do relative to any situation with an example of coming up with solutions to major global problems such as the UN SDGs. Building on these solutions has proven to be very possible with the many resources provided by companies such as Facebook and data from the United Nations Organisation. 
 css query and similar wild topics. 
  
  
 Learned to build custom activityLearned to gather User cases  
 How much sleep matters... 
 We learned a lot working on this project; starting from Appian platform on a higher lever that comes with the newest release of 19.1 and also the best parts were how to manage a team, knowledge sharing and collaborate for a successful app. 
 Learned a lot about voice UX, and the HOOK model 
 [Chau] learned how to integrate multiple services together.[Hoa] learned how to connect to multiple API’s from the iOS app.[Tuong] learned how to use multiple React libraries such as Material-UI and React-Ace.[Georgio] learned how to use Flask for Python and how to edit images through libraries. 
  
 We learned a great deal about the challenges associated with collecting data on threatened languages and cultures - it is not as simple as paying the remaining populations to share their story, as that will ultimately hasten the end of the cultures that we are trying to save and study. We all also got more valuable practice working on a multi-cultural team, which is a skill that is growing ever more important in the global job market. 
  
 Nothing of significance really, except that this website has no practical use without the involvement of the government. 
 Creating an app that real people use is hard work. It takes hundreds of hours to ensure everything is working properly and to maintain the code and monitor that it is running properly. I learned not to take startups lightly, although this was small scale in comparison to most startups, I feel like I got a taste for what small tech companies go though. 
 Before diving into this project, I had no experience with Deep Learning or AI in general. I have always been interested in the topic but it always seemed to unapproachable to "normal developers". I have discovered, through this process, that it is possible to to create real useful deep learning projects without a PhD in math, and that with enough effort, and patience anyone with a decent development background can start using it. 
  
 With the tools being developed to assist developers, there are going to be many opportunities to use AI to improve people's mental health, confidence, and productivity.  
 We learned how physiological phenomena are extremely complex, yet there are incredible tools out there from hardware, functions and toolboxes that allow us to peek into the inner workings of human physiology. 
  
 We gained a lot of useful knowledge about Microsoft Azure services, the Google Calendar API, and Firebase among other things. 
 Estonia loves blockchain. They will likely support our project.They switched from RSA2048 to Secp384r1 and did not update their documentation!Vitalik's trick to use EIP198 for multiplication is much slower than our chinese remainder based one.The eResidency signature scheme could learn a thing or two from EIP712. There is currently no domain separation. 
  
 HTML, CSS, Python, JavaScript, and how to create an ML algorithm. 
  
 We mostly learned how to use Google Cloud Platform to setup an online database and create our own API endpoints to receive the data from the stations.  
  
  
  
 We can use RPAs to make a lot of things work with human interaction. 
 We learned many skills such as, how to use google cloud, host a website using GitHub, create a site using ruby, markdown, Html, CSS, and javascript, use a database API, use maps API with directions. Overall, while we did have some issues in creating our app and website, our team learned and gained a lot from this experience. From learning more about how to use GitHub, to learning how to implement APIs to a website we definitely became better developers and came out of this experience as stronger coders. 
 We learned a lot about Myo. 
 How to combine different sensor inputs. How to 3D print custom parts. 
 Using background processes in chrome extension, hacking on javascript. 
  
 We learned a bunch about Unity, as both of us were almost brand new to it. I am now confident that we will be able to go to future hackathons and be able to make projects that are even better. We also met a bunch of extremely helpful and generous people. 
  
  
  
 Apparently, plants require more care than just watering. Some need to be trimmed, others need to be rotated. Who knew?! 
 Wow, it is so much easier to prototype a project when you're not worried about how it looks. Focus on the function! 
 We learned how to schedule messages, how to use the echo, how to use lambda functions on AWS to build a serverless chat bot, how to deploy a web server, how to make cool visualizations of tables and graphs, and how to animate Remi on the dashboard.  
 One of our major learnings was realizing and understanding real challenges faced by the fishery industry, specifically in Hong Kong. Below are a few points of note:Despite the number of awareness campaigns and programs, most people are still unaware of the long-term consequences of these issues.Interestingly enough, losing fishing gear can cause just as much harm as capturing too many fish.Ocean currents are strong enough to move cement blocks the size of a tank. Therefore, ghost gears are likely to end up in places that are far away from the point where it was lost – posing threat to rare aquatic species.A huge database does not necessarily mean it gives you what you are looking for. At the same time, look at data for long enough and you’ll probably find what you need. 
 Our lessons include taking more time to shape our ideas, e.g., ideation prior to starting coding. 
 The importance of good documentation in third party APIs that are meant to be used by others.How iteration is key to the success of a product. The importance of good team members to guarantee a great outcome.  
  
  
 i'm an autodidact developer so i'm learning things about Unity and development in general almost everyday and that's exciting 
  
  
  
  
 Don't waste too much time on something not going to demonstrate. 
 New tools, using new APIs, teambuilding, having fun and trying not to stress too much 
 You can build a powerful application in a few hours. 
  
 "I learned that json is a javascript object notation... I think" - Hazik"I learned how to work with node.js - I mean I've worked with it before, but I didn't really know what I was doing. Now I sort of know what I'm doing!" - Victoria"I should probably use bootstrap for things" - Haoda"I learned how to install mongoDB in a way that almost works" - Haoda"I learned some stuff about Microsoft" - Edwin 
  
  
 Patient needs to be engaged rather than just informed.Its always an ongoing journey rather than a fixed destination. 
  
 Office Apps are really easy to make. 
  
 Writing music and the value of Wi-Fi. 
 Really dug into node.js and angular.js. 
  
  
  
 I learned 24 hours goes by fast when you miss the first 5 and then sleep during the night as well. 
  
 I learned a lot about the fascinating Australian wildlife and about Australian English dialect. Also, my opinion about including human voices in Alexa skills was reaffirmed, seeing how this improves the quality of a skill. I also learned how displaying images throughout the skill enhances the user experience. 
  
  
 Our primary leanings are around the following areas of interest:  Abstraction of the DID method to any object  Identity solutions for machine learning agents  Scalability of off-chain data structures  Integration of serverless cloud infrastructure with key management and identity wallets  Verifiability of data chains  Applicability of data chains for above mentioned data-driven business solutionsWhat's next: our broader objectiveOur broader objective is to establish a scalable digital twin protocol and a technology layer for autonomous things. We call these digital twins autonomous digital twins that are verifiable, semantic and privacy-preserving.We are integrating further W3C and Industry 4.0 standards to establish a semantic digital twin network. Our work integrates further innovation in cryptography and privacy-preserving solutions to achieve GDPR compliance for both, the human and non-human entities.We are looking forward to field test our solution in a complete mobility ecosystem.Explainer VideosIntroduction to Verifiable Data Chains - Video Part IIWe created a video to explain the concept of Verifiable Data Chains for driving event data processing: https://vimeo.com/310934948Explanation of our Verifiable Data Chain  Demonstrator for MGC - Video Part IIIThis is an explanation about our verifiable data chain demonstrator:https://vimeo.com/310937978how to use ithow it workswhat you see in our demo implementationSafer & better mobility through Spherity's verifiable Driving Event Data Chains.References[1] A DID for Everything - Rebooting Web of Trust Working Draft[2] W3C DID Specification[3] W3C Verifiable Claims[4] Decentral Identity Foundation[5] Dangerous Driving Event Analysis System by a Cascaded Fuzzy Reasoning Petri NetBuilt Withaiamazon-web-servicesblockchaindidsdigital-twinningethereumjavamachine-learningpythonsecure-key-managementverifiable-claimsTry it outinterlinked-client-app.s3-website.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com      Submitted to    Mobi Grand Challenge Hackathon    Created by  CEO/CTO of Spherity GmbH. I did the tech research about verifiable data chains, secure key management and digital twinning for mobility applications. I worked with our dev team to test different implementation options and to develop real-world prototypes.I am a physicist by training with a Ph.D. from the University of Aachen. I served served as a Council Member of Global Future Network for the World Economic Forum and worked on their future of transport research.Prior to founding Spherity GmbH, I worked for innogy SE, German Aerospace Center (Deutsches Zentrum für Luft- und Raumfahrt, DLR) and Accenture GmbH.Carsten StoeckerCEO/CTO of Spherity GmbHDr. Michael RütherRicky ThiermannOleksandr Yenkalov 
  
 It’s good to be ambitious when selecting an idea for developing a certain application, but we had too many complicated ideas and ended up brainstorming for a few more hours rather than using that valuable time on coding the application and working on implementing the interface. We learnt more about how swift works with different APIs, especially and two of our team members were unfamiliar with swift, this project gave us decent exposure to it. 
  
 We learned about Debian Linux OS. How machine learning works and how to train it. The implementations and potential of openCV for python. Creating executables for linux systems.  
  
  
 Developing augmented reality apps can be very rewarding and fun. 
  
  
 How to work with Vue.JS 
 We learned a lot about machine learning and what it can do. 
  
 The team learned how to work with AWS, more specifically Lambda. Amazon Echo was also a big topic of study for the team throughout the development of the project. 
 The above explains this well. We also learned how the free Heroku tier is not something that we could ever use outside of building some toys like this bot. We would like to work with Google and AWS in order to compare each service in the future. Heroku is great in that it offers free tiers though and we are glad we were able to use this to build out our project. 
 Applying the UI Path best practice is valuable. Talk with the UI Path experts what you want to do, ask for advice. Very valuable. Will save you time and give you confidence that the final product is good. 
 The end is an illusion; there is always more to do! 
  
  
 This project lead me into C# programming. A great language I wasn’t used to, which is somehow combining the advantages of C/C++ with the ease of BASIC. I also learned how to pay attention to suggestions from users. It lead me to include technical support directly inside the software. 
  
 New ways of interacting with  
 Some learned how to use unity and github, and some learned how to make sounds and sprites. Also we learned how to manage our time effiencly and to work well under pressure. 
 KISS - "keep it simple, stupid". We really were way too ambitious at the beginning. Once we started working on our "minimum viable product", we started making progress really quickly. From there, it was much easier to extend our project to include the majority of features that we originally hoped for. 
 We've learnt that a dynamic team allows a project to be accomplished in less than 24 hours.  
 We learned how to use Unity environment for VR games 3D model building, landscape design, and sound strimming. We also developed teamwork skills and had so much fun in McHacks!  
 We learned a lot about how React-Native works when communicating data from and to our API server. We also learned a lot more about JSON Web Tokens and how versatile it is with Mobile Applications since they lack sessions like web browsers hold. Like most projects we face, we learn a lot more about the semantics and syntax of any of the languages we used and helps us become even more comfortable writing larger scale apps with these languages.Our DatabaseOur Database uses MONGODB. When getting a restaurant on board, we have made a web form for us to add new restaurants and menu items with ease to follow our JSON schema when retrieving restaurant data, so it is modular and easy to modify. We also use MongoDB for User sign ups and dietary settings for each user. 
 Even stupid ideas can turn into something amazing & useful. 
  
 I learned that working in a good team can be an amazing experience, and that it's not impossible for a small team to make a big impact. 
  
 We learned that we are capable of establishing a vision, managing a project from the ground up, and bringing it to fruition. 
 Node.JS, twilio, twitter API, oauth  
 We learned more about neuronetworks and machine learning.  
 We learned a lot on the process, the main thing being to generate whatever signal we needed with arduino, we improved our soldering skills, and we acquired a lot of knowledge about interference and mechanical waves. 
 Tesseract is awesome 
  
  
 This is the first time we use react on the web.We should really plan better ahead and give ourselves more time to work on side projects and competitions :) 
  
 If you are working with an unknown BLE device, a BLE packet sniffer would be super helpful.Bring enough wire for your project.As always, hardware IS hard.Zener diodes dont work well on data lines. 
 As with any project, navigating around existing code takes time and our amazing mentor provided help in understanding the foundations of the project that allowed us to independently improve the project's code and functionality. What's nextWorking on a open source was an amazing opportunity to not only grow our skillsets by contributing to HTMLHint but also allowed us to work on an amazing code analysis tool that has a large community and hence have a real world impact in aiding users with their code review, refinement and analysis process. Github Gist: https://gist.github.com/Neo-Zhixing/ca29b2ebf80c6f34583ed1915699256bBuilt Withes6grunt.jshtmljavascriptwebpackTry it outgithub.comhtmlhint.iomarketplace.visualstudio.com      Submitted to    HackIllinois 2019Winner                The Cleanest Catch Presented by IMC                  Created by  I primarily worked on migrating the legacy code base to the new, shiny ES6 syntax. I helped eliminating grunt dependencies and added webpack to build a universal umd package for both nodejs and browser environment.Zhixing ZhangI worked on building the foundations of the product's frontend development and lead the product ideation and presentation process.Pallav AgarwalI added two rules (one that sorts tag attributes and one that fixes case sensitivity). I also helped clean up the pull requests and ensure all issues have been adequately updated.orangewit3I added a feature where users don't have to close empty tags and allow body to not have close tag (HTML5 compliant).Lina Handayani SieDavid DiasSoftware Engineer with a passion for Front-End & UX / UI  • Life hacker who ♥ coding, meditation and solving digital and human problems.damanm24Eugenia ChenDesign enthusiast and aspiring web or mobile developerVictor Zhu 
 All of us learned something different. Some learned Python, others OpenCV, and other Arduino programming. 
 Manage your expectations and stay realistic.The first lesson is to manage your expectations realistically. Within the short duration, it is nearly impossible to achieve a final design for a tool that normally takes weeks to finish. However, going through the thinking process for the sophisticated algorithm made us optimistic about the future of LCD, and would love to continue working on it. It's good that we tried.   Persistence is the key. There are struggles and challenges, actually much more that we thought. Staying optimistic, making necessary adjustments and never giving up are the critical steps we've learned, not only for hackathons or coding but also for everything we do in life.  Enjoy the process.Doing things we love and learning new things along the way are simply amazing! The struggles we went through, the pizzas we shared and the product we built eventually are an amazing learning experience and we will do it again.    
  
  
 Double-verify user input. Even if you using a pre-existing Amazon Slot type, stick a Lambda verification function behind it.Print long, print strong. If you're going to be manually controlling Lex intent flow, you'll be looking at event contents constantly.  Like, never comment out a print event statement. Ever.Be human. Writing multiple, informal intent utterances and response messages can go a long way in making bot interactions seem more "human," while repeated responses or responses in ALL CAPS can result in a colder, more jarring experience for the user.People make mistakes. If you plan on terminating a voting process after the last vote is placed, leave a bit of a buffer for misclicks and changed opinions. People love to change their mind after a vote has been placed. 
  
  
  
  
  
 This being my first stint with Azure and IoT as a whole, the entire process was a great learning experience. I guess whatever the solution does was entirely an immense learning experience. 
  
 Unity and Blender. Mostly using the C# Scripting API from Unity 
  
  
  
 With meteor I can deliver prototypes very quickly. I don't see how I would have done it using any other framework.I've also learn some meteor basics which i didn't assimilate completly while doing my first app. 
 Wisdom 
 Can't say I've 'learned' much — I just modified some tutorials — but this was my first time using the Flexbox model. It's pretty powerful, but I felt weird also using floats. It's a kludge to be sure and I need to do more reading on it.What's next / todosI need to clean up the CSS, add GA tracking, and some other stuff -- but the biggest thing I want to do is create a version for the iOS mail app. Anybody want to help me with that?Built Withcssdribbbleflexboxinsomniajavascriptmaterial-designuifaceszeptoTry it outnealrs.github.iogithub.com    Created by  I created a fix for the caret jumping to the end of line on truncation, and replaced jQuery with Zepto to decrease the total size of the request.Matthew GerriorSenior Software Engineer @ DevpostI've gotta stop going to bed thinking "I wonder if anybody ever built..." It always turns into an all night hack sesh.Neal ShyamI write Devpost's weekly newsletter. I also write code. 
 I learned a lot. In coding the most: just realising the worst method possible, was a huge improvement for me. It truly turned my attention to "efficient beautiful" code. However I am still shaky on being able to comment regularly, having a good naming system...But on practical aspects, I learnt the nuances and intricacies of iOS app submission: the horror of screenshot and app previews and icons. How multi-device support should be considered when the app is first built - not at the last minute. Not to leave the FPS count on in a final build ...It was truly a journey. 
  
 How to build app using different API, e.g., Spotify; implement a clustering algorithm utilizing emotional dictionary; help each others, work under-pressure, but also have a lot of fun together. 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 Connect complex global issues with technology and design.Work in a team, split up tasks, and communicate with people we just met.Use existing iOS knowledge creatively to provide easy usage. 
 I shouldn't have been thinking about this so much while camping in the boundary waters where there was no Internet.  
  
 Learned to worked on one of the most unique problem statements and we did find a feasible and scalable solution. 
 Lowering the barrier to entry by leveraging existing widely-adopted tools like messenger can enable massive participation of people from all walks of life and increase the accessibility of services. Also, Gamifying mundane tasks can incentivize people to use any tool more often.  
 We learned teamwork, a ton of technical skills and how to fight sleep! 
 Awareness of green initiatives like water wastage starts at home. Initiatives like these can be inexpensive, just approximately $30.  
  
  
 As a student, I had never made an enterprise-facing application before, and really enjoyed learning about Azure Active Directory and the Microsoft Graph to make OneGraph as an application for people in organizations to use for responding to security threats.  In addition, through building numerous view models, controller actions, and views with Razor syntax, this project was my deepest dive in to ASP.NET development thus far!  
 A couple discord API libraries, Naudio, various libraries, and lots of audio codecs. 
 We learned how to build a working prototype with Bluemix, Node-RED, and the Texas Instruments SensorTag from scratch. 
 We had a lot of firsts this hackathon:Lily and Jiayi's first hackathonLily's first time working on a mobile appJiayi's first time working with Cloud Vision MLAntonio's first time building more complex mobile interactionsJason's first time working with React Native 
  
  
 The biggest thing I learned was how to make an extension and work with the tools available to it.I've learned more C# and how to write plugins for Space Engineers.I've also improved my knowledge in multiple libraries and in JavaScript when working with the backend and the extension. 
 Vectorization is hard.Splitting a problem into pre-processing and client-side processing can help speed up the final product, but more importantly engage team members that are not familiar with the specific web tehniques that you are usingSleep is important. 
 I learned how to use an Arduino to control sensors and I also learned all about the Musical Instrument Digital Interface (MIDI) and its implementation. 
 Freenode is very picky about nick conventions. 
  
  
  
 We learned how machine learning can be utilized to detect anomalies in data sets. Moreover, two of the members were attending a hackathon for the first time, so the whole experience from product design to product deployment was very exciting and educational for them.Built Withazuremachine-learningmuseobjective-cparsesketchswiftxcodeTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    MHacks 6Winner                Best Hack for Social Impact - Spnosored by VFA              Winner                Best Money Saving Hack, Sponsored by Concur              Winner                Best Use of Microsoft Azure                  Created by  Worked on the Microsoft Azure machine learning model and some UI, including the graphs for EEG and response time dataShreyan JainConfigured and retrieved data from Muse headband. Developed game and timing. Contributed to some UI.John YangUC Berkeley, Bay AreaDeveloped the UI, some of the backend and connections to Parse databaseArun RawlaniJimmy LiuCo-founder Bash 
  
  
  
  
  
 Team work and design thinking is the best part of our learning. 
  
 It is no easy task to design a photo viewer. It is actually much more difficult than a light image editing tool. 
 AWS documentation needs some work.  Don't enable root access to a machine, even for 30 seconds. 
 You can hack your way through any problem.You should always feed your cats. 
  
 -Node.js, JavaScript-That hardware projects are always more complicated than they seem 
  
 Have to draw out screens in advance.Think about + create  dummy data formats before layout styling nonsense  
  
  
  
  
  
 Even combination of easy mechanism depends on an idea, and the wonderful effect can be shown. 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 How pebbles work. How android apps work. That you don't have to be a pro - just a good measure of perseverance - to hack something together. 
 Git. 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 You never learn unless you try. 
 Those who came here to make money will not get much out of the hackathon as opposed to those who came to make an app out of passion.  
 In adapting the blockchain model for cryptocurrency to work for voting, we had to really understand the advantages and drawbacks of online transactions and a decentralized network. While there are indeed risks of outside interference from malicious hackers and other technological threats, the blockchain mitigates the problems of voter suppression and voter fraud. In addition, we learned all the technical details of implementing blockchain with Python: public key cryptography, hashing functions and mining, proof of work, immutability of blocks by dependency of previous blocks’ hashes, etc.  
  
 Javascript! 
  
 We've lots of experience in developing and deploying Web applications, but we never had the needs to plan and deploy a highly scalable service as we did with the relay servers. 
 How to set up a python module and prepare it so it can go live on PyPI.More about how git works and how it keeps track of commits and branches.The complete procedure of building a python package from scratch and the how to design a workflow. 
 One of the lessons we learned during this challenge was that handling a live stream of video data is a very difficult task to manage and can lead to unforeseen problems. Achieving good results with challenging timelines is something which can not be achieved without extensive planning and team management. 
 This way of browsing can be very effective, but you need around 50 items to make it look good. It is the key attributes are orthogonal to one another -- in other words, that there are enough products so that you can change one attribute without also changing another attribute. 
 API ExtractionFirebase 
  
 We learned how to work together as a team, and also improved our skills in html5, css, and javascript. 
 We have learned a great deal during the development period of our app. We learned about android development and the great deal of power it holds. 
 We learned a lot about the unicode system and how it is represented in various systems. 
 Startups are challenging but rewarding economically, and most importantly to see the difference and impact you can make in people's life. 
 I learned a lot about templating and front end technologies, but I think we learned much more about how to manage time during a 24 hour hackathon, handling fatigue, organizing and taking critical time constrained decisions.  
 It's possible to create great inter-connected applications by combining various different platforms and programming languages, from desktop add-ins to, server components and 3D AR apps. 
  
 A key learning from developing Easy Agile Roadmaps is that powerful, useful products do not need to take months to build. At Arijea, we have always shipped early and learnt from customer feedback, however, we now know that we can ship early without compromising on quality. 
 Swift 
 We all learned quite a bit about web development in general and working as a team 
  
 When first making this Skill I didn't have a firm grasp of how state handling was performed in the Node.js Alexa Skills Kit Audioplayer Example. While some Skills need to keep a detailed track of a user's state to be able to resume a complex interaction if they were to leave and come back, this Skill was quite the opposite: using multiple states actually made the Skill much more complicated than it needed to be. This forced me to learn how state handling is implemented in the ASK Node.js library so that I could reliably strip down the audioplayer example project my code was built upon to only use a single state. Not only did this process result in a lean codebase for Ambient Noise, but it also gave me the knowledge to build complex stateful Alexa Skills in the future. 
 This was our first time working with IBM Watson and the Facebook Graph API. We had a fun time learning these developer tools.  
  
  
  
 We found a way to use a plugin and customize it to fit our needs. Plus, the Symfony framework tasks were also a great lesson learnt. Don't forget about AD, Redmine and MakeItSoftware.  
  
 Pepper programmingOpenCV knowledge and usageLow-level client-server architecture on PythonTeam spirit and conflict avoidance improvement ^^ 
 The basics of Unity and C# 
 I have learnt a lot through the project. It was my first, but not last project in Alexa and it was definitely a different project than any other programming project I have done in the past.  
 Bot can increase our productivity and to be one of the important interface with apps.In the mobile first world, users often uses phones and it is not have enough window size. In the past era, we can easily superimpose calendars and can find free time for attendees with big screen, but now some users don't have it because they use phone. In this world, bot is good interface to arrange schedule with Graph API (Cloud Power). 
 This was our first Bitbucket Connect add-on, so we learned a lot. This was also the first time we made use of the Bitbucket REST API. 
 I obviously learned a lot about Microsoft Graph API and a bit more than I already knew about Atlassian Crowd's internal API :-) 
  
  
 Learned a bunch of latest technologies/frameworks. To build fast, fail fast and iterate. The accuracy levels that we were able to come up are far higher than we imagined.  
 Building professional addon is very similar to have a startup company. there is a lot to be invested (time & money) in the development process. As the dev team grew, we took the addon to higher a professional level, using UI designer, front end developers and testers. The experience is priceless. 
 The importance of sustaining the solution commercially not just the human and charitable impact.Valuable feedback and insights from mentors, as well for neighbor team members Dr. HajjThe importance of pivoting and failing fast, we have gone probably through several discussions and iterations and tried to use technologies such as prototyping software and API servers. however, we had to put deadlines and time limits for our experimentation and chose alternative paths fast.The importance of getting something working out first to make an impact on people to understand what the platform is about.We also learned from mentors, other groups some positive feedback and criticism to some of our approaches.Learned the viability of some of  the modern managed cloud service technologiesRepository security, by mistake, we enabled public access to our repo while it had our google cloud firebase keys.Access to government or private organizations Hajj-related data, that motivated us, even more, to ensure we have a platform to enable collections of such crucial data. 
  
  
 Android development. Teamwork. Management. WE LOVE HACKATHONS. 
 To use Office 365 platform and its API. I was surprised how powerful and easy is. 
  
  
  
 We learned about how to send data through SMS messages and about different ways to compress medical data using special pre-defined medical codes. We also learned about encryption protocols across multiple different languages (Python and Javascript). 
 Ethereum have a large and awesome community of good developers and true projects. 
  
 I discovered a part of the .net technology behind the UIPath suite, the windows workflow which is very interesting.In my opinion it is better to declare the booleans as inarguments so you can attach a variable to it in the UIstudio, instead of using the tick boxes.  For example if you want to test you program you can set 'isDraft' by a variable instead of the tick box. This would allow you to make test xamls for some standard workflows. 
  
  
  
  
  
 It was a fun project to learn about OpenCV and App development.  
 Learned Flask back-end development and got to practice some deep learning training and deployment 
  
 Stringent constraints such as UI extension points can work in your favour - sometimes doing less really is more. 
 That Alexa devices are perfect for interactive storytelling - kids love to listen to audio stories. 
  
  
 It was my first time using Amazon Sumerian and I learned a lot about it. 
 Parity traces logs every external call inside transaction. How to working with Angular and latest Web3 version. 
  
 Teamwork is important. Focusing on the bare minimum version of what we are trying to achieve so that we can stay focused on bigger checkmarks can help us get things done quicker. Sometimes it's a good idea to identify solutions that might be slightly different than our original one and pivot early. Generally, we should not have too many dependencies on our development cycle so that people don't have to wait for each other's tasks to be finished. Seeking help from a mentor is a great idea and do it early. And last but not least get some sleep and food along the journey!  
 SwiftNew API's (Watson, ESRI) 
 Serverless. How not to die. Again. 
 The importance of staying alignedThe power of diversity and inclusionAnything is possible  
 New technologies - slack, AWS, and terms, project planning, product presentation 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 While creating Matchstick, I learned:Ruby on Rails is an extremely flexible language, with gems for almost everythingFuzzy-matching algorithms are blessed for helping make software more error-proof 
  
  
  
 Using Knurld’s APIBuilding Chrome extensions 
 We were not familiar with C, which we had to use for the photon and a smartwatch app we tried to implement. We plan to implement this app in the future because we were not able to fully connect the gyroscopic control. In addition to this, we learned a lot about code optimization, and how languages like C run much faster and much closer to the machine than languages like python.We not only expanded upon our teamworking abilities, but also had the opportunity to learn a variety of coding technologies. For example, we obtained the knowledge of how to work with azure  and interpet bluetooth information aong devices in order to seize the data which wa essential to our hack. We believe that the combination of hardware and software we had to create, as well  as the extensive debugging process we ventured upon taught us how to polish our projects. 
  
  
  
  
 Making Android library, AngularJS and Firebase 
  
 We learned a lot about low level Android programming. In particular, how to use private internal Android APIs. We also learned how to effectively handle numerous background services and set up publicly accessible APIs using AWS. 
 TODO 
  
  
 WebRTC is pretty cool, and definitely something to look out for in the future. Same goes for the Web Audio API. Good documentation is also crazy important (but definitely already knew this). 
 In brainstorming ideas for this challenge, we came to appreciate just how difficult a problem traffic congestion actually is. Any solution must balance the needs of all stakeholders, including commuters, auto manufacturers, public transit officials, and policy makers.We challenged ourselves to think outside of the box and build something that could have a long-term impact on how ordinary citizens engage with their community to make it better. While researching existing platforms such as Kickstarter and Indiegogo, we’ve learned about just how powerful the crowdfunding concept is and how much of an impact it can have.We also learned that building a prototype and demo is just the first step. For each feature we implemented, we came up with another dozen that we wished we could also add. For each minute we talked with others about this idea, we wished we could spend an hour more. And for each user we had test our app, we wished we could launch with a hundred more. 
  
  
  
 Codes don’t work. Machines disappoint. But it’s okay. You just gotta keep trying. Cuz your team’s got your back, YAY!Built Witharduinopython      Submitted to    MakeMIT 2016Winner                1st Place                  Created by  Charlene XiaGrace LiChen WangJialin ShiChandani Doshi 
  
 Paperspace > AWS when training on GPUs. Learned a lot of the inner workings of Tensorflow and obtained a richer understanding of creating and maintaining a site. 
  
 How much you can achieve with very little Meteor code! 
  
 Learning Splunk - how to use the query language and how to leverage the Splunk community to solve problemsLearning the Splunk APILearning PythonLearning the Cisco AXM API 
  
  
 it aint easy being cheesy 
 We could apply a lot of our geometry knowledge to this project :) 
 Using the Microsoft Band SDK, Creating an Azure Api App Service (Preview). 
 basics of Myscript APi using it with PHP and JavaScript 
  
  
  
 To keep the features limited to a very specific focus so as not to further contribute to a user's sense of being overwhelmed. 
 Some interesting side ideas here:Playing with the calibrated camera is fun on its own; you can render it in place and get a cool ghost effectWould be fun to use a deep learning thing to identify and compute with arbitrary objects 
  
  
 As mentioned above, we learned almost everything involved that went into making the project over the last 24 hours. 
  
 We were strangers when we met and had different backgrounds of experience. The three of us were separately experienced in either front-end, back-end, and UI/UX which made for a very interesting team dynamic. Handling better CSS, using better classes, and utilizing frameworks such as NativeScript were all things we learned from each other (and the internet). 
 This was a multi-faceted educational experience for all of us in different ways. Overall: We learnt to asynchronously run machine learning algorithms without threading issues.Setting up API calls and other infrastructure for the app to run on.Using the IBM Watson APIs for speech recognition and label detection for images.Setting up a website domain, web server, hosting a website, deploying code to a server, connecting using web-sockets.Using pip, npm; Using Node.js for development; Customizing fabric.js to send us custom data for image generation. Explored machine learning tools learnt how to utlize them most efficiently.Setting up CUDA, cuDNN, and Theano on an Ubuntu platform to use with ML algorithm. 
 I learned how to design for voice and I learned a lot about how to design for kids. The idea I originally had changed tremendously once I tested it on real kids. Personally, this was the first product I ever built entirely on my own and not as part of a team. I had to deal with many issues that were new to me, such as voice design, use of ssml, technical jargon, finding and fixing vicious bugs that made the skill crash, legal aspects, sound effects, making a video and more. This was a super fascinating experience on many levels.  
 PHP_EOL ruins strings and your lifeLaravel Nova is quite awesometinkering with SQLMap, Arachni and ZAP is not just fun and gamesthou shalt not scan websites without their consent #metoohow to tame Docker and ride it like a pony 
  
 We learned how to link an external domain to GitHub pages.We also learned that there is no limit to how much one can achieve or learn. Sometimes, a man just needs a little challenge to break that chain we call our limit. 
  
  
 How to use the Magenta.js library. Music is difficult to compose even for machines. 
 How to find elements and interact with them in a website through web automation using Selenium.How to implement a seamless and feasible workflow between numerous code modules.How to do facial recognition using OpenCV and optimise parameters.How to implement a pre-trained model. 
  
 Don't assume anything. Like we mention earlier, the UI/UX and the whole process flow we initially thought of is not what our users want. We want to keep learning by getting more people to try the extension and getting feedback to make it better for both viewers and streamers. 
 Cool API Endpoints: Amadeus's YapQ, Flight InspirationMicrosoft Azure Search 
  
 Working with foreign APIs can sometimes be hard and will need mutual involvement of both provider and user of API. 
 How to use Spotify's API, Instagram's and Microsoft cognitive services. Also we did some research related to the topic we discovered relations between feelings and music attributes. 
  
 Users expect high quality applications even when they are offered as a free version. 
  
 To work effectively as a team, despite all of us knowing different languages 
  
 As previously mentioned, we went into this hackathon with little to no experience in many of the technologies and languages we were working in. We know a great deal more now than we did, and although we are very much still learning, we feel we've come a long way. 
 I learned how to use many APIs and put them together without breaking the other one. 
 I’ve learned a lot through simply experimenting and reading through Unity’s documentation. Generally speaking, I learned a lot about the development of gameplay mechanics and how to actually execute them using Unity, C#, and Java. The use of Java in itself was a completely new learning experience I’ve known Java for five years now, but I am completely new to the fact that you can convert Java source code and use IKVMC to convert it into a DLL, and make it run like a fully fledged library in Unity. Additionally, through ORB, I learned concepts of the functional programming paradigm, a particular type of declarative programming which focuses on using short, maintainable statements like algebraic expressions or functions. I used Java’s lambdas and C#’s LINQ to exercise some fundamental functional concepts (that are part of these mainly OOP languages), and also utilized the ideas of filters, sinks, and maps. 
 VR Optimization,MoCap (Motion Capture with Kinect) and animation smoothing (60 FPS)LipSync 
  
  
 Our team developed many locations aware application in which we try to provide some information when an user enter an area. But the main problem in those apps was, we have to periodically check whether user is in proximity of a particular location. This process drains the device battery a lot. In Pinage we used the ALOHAR with our wrapper library to reduce the battery drain in determination of any Geofencing event. 
  
  
 See above. 
  
 I've learned to use react and especially to work with the framework QT. 
  
 If you can make a team with strangers when all your 'friends' don't show up- Do it. I had a really good time, but I think it wouldn't have been so rocky and anxiety filled if I felt like I knew other people there.  
  
 We improved our React Native skills and used a new API we had never used before.What’s next for MTA BlinkWe hope that the MTA would adopt an app like ours, we’d love to see a more efficient MTA!Built Withexpo.iofirebasegoogle-cloudnode.jsreact-nativestripeTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    CUNY HackathonWinner                First Place                  Created by  I worked on developing the UX and UI using React Native, as well as integrating Firebase to apply payments and display information in the database. Sang ParkXin YuanDavid MargolinJohn Evangelista 
  
 Much of the team worked with React for the first time, and also had to learn how to deal with sending Wolfram API calls from the client side and having it live update.  
 During the creation of Project Julius we learned a lot about Epilepsy and its causes. Using online resources we discovered how many people it affects, common triggers, long-term effects, and large incidents in public.We also learned a lot about how to process large images (upwards of 1080p) quickly and effectively using histograms of regions on the screen. The changes in the histogram values indicate a change in content, a large difference indicates a flash or scene change. We then had to further our analysis to compare multiple changes to detect the rate at which the image changes, and thus determine if we should block it.Our initial approach to capturing the screen was to use the low-level frame buffer built into Linux. We spent a few hours learning how to access and process the frame buffer but ended up deciding not to go with it. We felt that using something built into Linux would greatly decrease our potential reach so we changed our screen capturing method to be more portable and cross-platform by using OpenCV and native desktop capturing applications that can pipe into Python. We found multiple programs for the different operating systems such as CamTwist and ManyCam. 
  
  
  
 We also learned how to interact and deploy Smart-contracts to real Testnet Ethereum network and make dApp with immediate updates from ethereum blockchain. We discovered how to recognize QR codes on iOS devices. 
 How to build an iOS app. 
 We need to learn a lot more about integrating contracts to a UI with Web3.js.  There are also a lot syntax concepts about solidity that we still struggle with occasionally.  We're excited to have jumped into the deep end and continue to develop for the Ethereum platform 
 Don't enter a challenge/venue with a concrete plan. Hardware, software, and networks will usually have errors and compatibility issues during the initial creation process, so alternative improvised methods are often necessary 
  
 Each one of our team taught the others a bit about their specialty. Joe taught the team computer vision and algorithms, Chris taught us music theory and digital music processing, and Reshef taught the team about design and UI/UX. 
 Unity, motion/gesture tracking, how to marshal json data between C#, JavaScript, and PHP. 
  
 Working with Blender and Unity 
 You can in fact recover from losing all your SolidWorks files halfway through the project that you forgot to save. Also that bluetooth 4.0 is very, very complicated.  
 Game development, Graphics and Design, Animations, P2P architectures. 
 This hackathon was full of twists and turns and we definitely learned a lot from it. From how to use Azure to what web frameworks work best with our front end, our general takeaway for this hackathon was to remember to reach out for help. The Microsoft team was immensely effective in mentoring us and helping guide us to reach our goals; it’s been a game changer for us and it’s something we’ll be sure to do in future hackathons.  
 We learned a lot about integrating third-party Swift frameworks into our app. While some appeared to save a lot of time, they often became cumbersome and it was easier to implement the feature ourselves. 
 How to make the back-end extensible by using REST web apis, getting rid of dependency issues and language limitations, decoupling the front and back end. 
 We learned a lot about conducting material and material science. How different conducting material can be used to generate touch patterns on the screen. 
 We learned how to use Amazon Alexa’s skill development kits, and we all learned how to use python for the first time during this hackathon. 
 A lot of things can break for reasons unknown in an integrated system and the best way to deal with this LOG everything. The trails of bread crumbs always leads to the culprit:P! 
 Learned more about custom activity and designing a custom activity 
  
 In the name of the moon and by the power of friendship memes are amazing 
 We learned that it doesn't matter how much experience you have, but as you keep working on a project you will come out knowing more than you did before. 
 the hardware can be manufactured locally and at a low cost (~5 USD/device)pacing in team development work is very importantWho are weWe are a team of four from China and Pakistan, and resides in Saudi Arabia for years. Ali is an engineer with a startup based in Wadi Makkah and specialized in hardware engineering. He designed the hardware prototype of the band. Usman Bashir is a full-stack developer and technology consultant from Jeddah. Andrew is a data scientist and entrepreneur from KAUST, with experience in software development for various projects. Ge is a tech entrepreneur who currently studying at KAUST, with years of experience in UI/UX design. 
 How to georeference a map by QGIS, upload to Mapbox Studio and understand its potential applications.Learning and experimenting with AR. 
  
 I learned how to integrate the messaging and calling apps into my own app and open links through a click of a button (taking the user to Google maps to find a nearby gym to release anger and frustration). 
 We learned about the microservices frameworks and ML libraries. Moreover, we learned about team collaboration and work distribution among peers. This hackathon was a great experience for us and have helped us to learn about many minute concepts as well which might help us in the future IT industry. It also taught us about the societal impacts of the daily efforts by the CS Engineers that prove beneficial. 
  
  
 A lot. These were tools and frameworks that we both didn't have much experience with. Thanks to relying on each other and the great documentation and communities around the products, we were able to make something pretty cool. 
 HTML5, CSS, Flask, Google Maps Platform and API. That's alot. 
 Twilio Sync APIBuilt Withadobe-illustratorchromecsshtml5javascriptjqueryjsonsketch-apptwilio-syncTry it outgithub.com      Submitted to    MLH Prime Spring Finale 2016Winner                Most Creative Use of Twilio APIs                  Created by  I helped fix some problems we had with synchronising video playback (once I woke up after my nice long sleep!)Scott StreetCOMPUTERS, PRETTY LIGHTSProduct ideation, UX, and UI design through wireframe sketches. Chrome extension HTML5/CSS.Karisa TzengUX DesignerSetup and implemented the chrome extension and UI elements from the designs Pandelis ZembashisSerial hackathon attendee & Computer Science Student at BCU. I like beer and coding.Created the rapid prototype using Sketch App, contributed to front-end of chrome extension Heather HobdayTwilio Sync, node auth serverMatt Burman 
 The learning curve from day one in a Cloud world is the use of the Security Graph API itself (version control) and the output from the different providers, some providers give more in-depth information and some give basic information. Second, we needed to find a solution on duplicates from the different providers, e.g. Azure AD Identity Protection has an overlap with Microsoft Cloud App Security (Threats). 
 WebXR is in it's early days but growing fast, because of that it's exciting but unstable. Great inspiration of how to create truly satisfying experiences with gesture controls. 
 We learned two significant lessons: how to ask more experienced individuals for assistance when we were stuck, and to check simple solutions before assuming complex problems (I got 99 problems and not rebooting is about 70 of them). 
  
 Working with the Microsoft Azure AI platform, and integrating a react/node app with some of its services. 
 Big data technics in the wild.Advanced sprite animation.Our teamwork now is on the next level. 
 How to work with SNARKS and it’s possibilities  
 Bit of DSP, improved my react knowledge a bit, etc. 
 We learned a bunch about the Message extension iOS framework, but more generally learned about technical risk. When we committed to creating an iMessage app, we reaped many benefits, but also inherited some challenges. Because the technology and user experience are so tightly coupled, we had to make some tradeoffs that affected the end users. However, the additional constraints imposed by the framework forced us to ask tough questions and refine our idea more than we otherwise would have. Our final result is simpler, cleaner, and more extensible than our original vision. 
 Two 5 hour energies in 72 hours is actually not as bad an idea as some might think.Math is hard. 
  
 Designing product is really difficult. 
 We learned how to generate public and private SSH keys. We got exposure to AWS web service, Google Cloud Platform, how to use pymongo, and how to set up a domain. Lastly, we learned the importance of team work! 
  
 Programming embedded systems is hard. But we learned a ton about networking, router-level programming, and Hashgraph. 
  
  
 In addition to providing a toolkit, this project provides a method overview for the task of Font Generation. We have a few observations during the development:Start from simple fonts. We observe that simple fonts such as sans serif are easier to generate and manipulate than highly stylized ones such as handwriting. However, in the typography market, these simple fonts are on the highest demand. Therefore instead of focusing on generating fonts with crazy styles, we can work on producing production-grade simple fonts that improve readability.Data is crucial. A utopian vision is to learn the font manifold and produce open-source industrial-grade fonts to everyone. However, to learn this model, it is always good to get more data, especially for the highly stylized fonts. With more typographers contributing to open-source fonts, we can achieve this goal earlier.Vector paths is a visual representation worth looking into. This is not only important for the task for Font Generation, but for a resolution-independent representation for computer vision in general, such as image segmentation, data annotation, and art creation. 
  
 We learned to understand the details of American laws. 
 I have learned that in order to make the implementation of the project, there is need to do more research and go to the field and collect data more regularly. There is also need to do more collaborations with content creators and other developers. 
 *Gamers love rewards, lootboxes, barter and surprises. :) *Mobile gaming industry has 500M+ daily gamers. 
  
 We learned how to use the YouTube API as well as utilizing the Google Cloud Platform API. It was also back to the basics for handling JavaScript and all of its nuances. 
 By analysing data in real time we are able to learn and understand what is important for people and also how it can be optimised the energy consume. 
 There are a lot of great movies in the public domain (check out 12 Angry Men and D.O.A.)APLThere's a lot more to learn about Audio Players (that's my next project) 
 How much we overestimated in the beginning how many fish were going to fit inside this platform.  
 I learned that life is tough on the bleeding edge. We could really use better documentation or even just more code samples and we could also really use a lot more help with discovery! 
  
  
  
 Many many things, already alluded to in the challenges section... mostly along the lines of working with new hardware, circuits, writing Arduino code, working with Arduino libraries, interfacing multiple technologies, hacking a drone, new/unfamiliar coding languages, etc.  
  
 Coding is easier than talking and handling objections. It feels good to have have an idea that has the potential to change life of person to the better. Probably feels better than the idea for sending glitter to your enemies. Or maybe not.You’re getting insanely sleepy if you have a pizza and a beer at 12am.   
  
  
  
  
  
  
 This project is how I first learned how to make apps. 
  
 Olivia learned she has sick animating skills, Elena learned how to work quickly and not scream and Isabella learned that 12-hour hackathons are stressful for game-makers.  
 The major learning points on this project were convolution shaders, Unity performance optimisation and the Unity touch API. 
  
  
 As we were building the project and implementing features, we found that specific features gave rise to others. For example: originally, Median was designed for use by healthcare professionals to communicate effectively and efficiently with other healthcare professionals. However, if patients could also upload changes to their own state, healthcare professionals could utilize higher patient data resolution, allowing for more accurate and specific diagnosis. Therefore, more options were added to the patient timeline to encapsulate these cases. The entire design process was an adventure in itself and we feel there is still much more to be built on the current version of the project. 
 Define the purpose of a project is hard, we need to have too clear what people we want to have registered in our system that means have a public target, if  we do not have it, the implementation goes to differents paths wich is dangeous because in Mexico we say "el que mucho abarca, poco aprieta", (you try to know too much but you won't know anything) 
  
  
 AzureŌura ring APIPaulig Muki APITracking Bluetooth devices and their distance in python3D printingcommitting to GIT regularly... 
  
 How to use a javascript 2D canvasHow to efficiently organize big data for future use 
 Some python and how to make a telegram bot. 
 Great functionalities that people can't easily understand and use, are not great at all. 
  
  
  
  
  
 Learned a lot more about email. I thought I knew a lot already, like how inline attached emails and CIDs work, but turned out there was a bit more to it with iPhone emails being multipart mixed and still containing inline images. With gmail api you have to compose messages in raw format - base 64 with mime boundaries which I've never had to do in 20 years of programming!  
  
  
 I learned many different things during this journey from technical knowledge to project management and setting priorities on the project. One of the greatest tools I learned from this project is that even with a great deal of planning there are always issues and problems that come up along the way that you must think through and adapt so you can overcome that challenge. I also learned that a project you love to work on is never really finished and there are always things that can be made better and I am always going to strive to improve the software. 
  
 We knew our healthcare system needed help and innovation, the depth of which we are still exploring.  We've learned to be savvy data collectors, innovators of simple solutions and great listeners. 
 Lots of it, Nupic modeling techniques, how important it is to understand data and fetch right feature vector.Python. 
  
 I learned how to focus on each person's strengths and skills and how to best work together as a team to accomplish a common goal 
  
 AzureTwilio apiWolfram apiIn-memory cachingUsageSend text/imagewait for reponsetext 'more' for more information 
  
  
 We learned about arthritis and the research going on being the condition; how to read from a serial port, parse the data, and write to a MySql database; and advanced soldering techniques. Built With.netarduinobootstrapc#google-cloudgoogle-cloud-sqllesslibserialphptoroTry it outpowerglove.cntr.me      Submitted to    HackUMassWinner                Finalist              Winner                Champion              Winner                Best Hacks for Health Prize Category              Winner                HackUMass Popular Choice                  Created by  Implemented backend resources and data structures as well as handling client-server API integration between the hardware and web app.Christopher TranWorked on the mechanical and electrical systems on the Power glove and set up the communication between it and the computer that handled data processing. Anmol ModurWilliam KrodthoffZachary Thompson 
  
  Teambulding, UPM’s business and logistic processes and to make a simple visualization for it.  
  
 Over the course of 36 hours, our skills improved dramatically. We learned how to build the entire pipeline starting with creating a Google Cloud account to deploying the finished product on the Google App Engine. We also learned how to build a full stack application and integrate the front-end and back-end into a working application. Additionally, we learned how to implement control flow in HTML using Jinja2. 
 How to generate PDF files and QR code in Angular appPrefer Ethereum smart contract events over storing data in the state for specific use cases 
 Alexa APL and deployment to lambda.Built Withaplask-sdknasa-apinasa-astronomy-picture-of-the-datapython      Submitted to    Amazon Alexa Skills Challenge: Multimodal    Created by  Angusundaresh Krishnakumar 
  
  
 How to build an easy dialog with short interactions while offering options to handle more specific options (like the any character / word for small characters). There fore you need to handle the context, otherwise you can not distinguish a single digit as an intent to specify the length of the SSID or Password or a Digit within those (not handling this well, lead to a bad review in the beginning of the skill). 
  
 React.js, TensorFlow, Symfony 4 
  
 All team members had to get them self exposed to some resources and stack they haven't used or heard about  before, e.g Linode, DevPost, hatchful.shopify.com, wolfram etc. 
  
 We learnt how to integrate the here.com api to work with a progressive web app and the powerful web tools that allow us to do so.  
 JavaScript has many perks, but also many flaws. If you are used to programming in OOP, JS, even within the ReacJS-Framework, seems sometimes overcomplicated. 
 We learned a lot about using big data techniques to run computationally intensive pipelines with large datasets. We also learned that we are able to use these techniques to create solutions that can make a difference in practice. 
 There is a lot of misinformation about transaction fees with Bitcoin.  Some companies do charge fees as high as $20 per transaction, but there are trustworthy companies available that do not charge exorbitant fees.  Further, some of these companies allow you to instantly convert to USD, effectively protecting Wayfair from bitcoin price fluctuations.Some companies do not have a sandbox environment.  We first tried to use Coinbase, but found after an hour that they did not have a sufficient sandbox (their API was also geared more towards trading bitcoin than using it as payment method).  After discovering that Microsoft and Newegg use Bitpay, we looked into their API and found it much more suitable to our needs.  Even with the hour wasted on Friday, we were able to implement an end-to-end solution in 6 hours (Nick didn't believe we could do this in under a week!). 
  
 Swift language, IOS development, and most important: Girls  
 We learned unity, programming for the Vive, user interaction with a VR scene and objects, and music/beat integration. 
  
 The communication that must happen within a full stack environmentJS is on the client-side while SQL is on the server-side so we need a middleman to bridge the two 
  
  
 We have learned how to work in a diverse team and how to organize ourselves to be able to finish at least the main idea of the project. 
 I learned how to write code so that there is efficient communication between the mobile application and the Parse backend.  
  
 I think I mentioned a lot of it above. I learned to love the swift language and really see its brilliance in many areas. Learning 2D art was also very cool and provided days of frustration to me. The fact that I can look back at my first few .swift files and say: "wow this can be done much easier" means I must have learned something! 
 wow, a lot.We learned so so so much about servers, and within 24hours going from cake to amazon web servers, the transition was crazy, just we were so hyped with accomplishing this along with successfully using node.js, share.js, and fabric.js. Also getting the pen tool to work with ease features and saved image functions made us happy too. 
  
  
 We learned how to connect a web page to a Unity script and apply changes in real-time according to the data gathered. And we learned that you can measure your heart rate by scanning your fingertip on your phone's camera! We've learned a lot of valuable things like managing API calls per minute, managing frame-rate in Unity, and manipulating an environment at run-time.  
  
 How to VR 
 Accounting for the unexpected lengthy amount of time it takes to render 3d models and meshes. Next time, be more prepared for huge file sizes, extreme ram usage, and gpu stressBuilt Withblueprintc++dronepythonreality-captureunreal-engine      Submitted to    Hack the North 2017Winner                Hack the North Finalist                  Created by  TJ YangWilliam XuSoftware Engineering student at the University of WaterlooOscar ShiAllan Mukundi 
  
 We learned that task delegation is key to tackling hackathon projects like these. From the start we came up with a plan to divide work, but as parts started to come together, the pace slowed down, and we needed to keep going to finish our game. It was through this that we learned that proper design is very important to a project, and that good design helps people develop code and features that integrate easily once able to. 
 Everything in the game... ha... haha... 
  
 What BIENE is. But it does not matter because it is about YOU. What Biene is to YOU. 
  
  
  
 Google Maps is immensely powerful! 
 Collaboration in an unknown environment requires more research and careful planning and allocation of tasks, more so than we previously thoughtHackathons are a great way to learn new tools and review past ones 
  
  
  
  
 Not to be afraid of the unknown. The Adobe Extension environment seemed daunting at first, but approach methodically, the pieces soon fell into place. 
  
  
 Playing to your teammates strengths is awesome 
 I learned the Microsoft Graph API is really nice to work with and opens up a bunch of possibilities for improving the lives of Microsoft users on iOS. I am excited to come up with more solutions to bring to iOS using the Microsoft Graph API. 
 We confirmed that ethereum is now ready for industry specific applications to be built and that by providing a battery of problem specific utilities, we can remove the barrier to entry for healthcare.  
  
 Leveraging the Twitter API & Spotify API - never used either before! And being realistic about what can be built in 24 hours... with trips to the planetarium, card games, and hikes in the mountains!   
  
  
  
  
 1.Designing an excellent system requires comprehensive consideration in every detail.2.Knowledge about traffic congestion.3.Technique in developing system with Unity and Arduino1.設計一個出色的系統，需要在每個細節上的周全考量。2.關於交通壅塞的知識3.使用Unity和Arduino開發系統的技術 
 თითქმის ყველაფერი, რაც გავაკეთეთ, ვისწავლეთ ამ ჰაკათონის განმავლობაში. მივიღეთ დიდი გამოცდილება, დავიხვეწეთ გუნდურ მუშაობაში, გავიცანით ახალი ადამიანები, გავცვალეთ ცოდნა, ვიმუშავეთ ბევრიბევრი. 
  
  
 Time constraints are here as a motivation source.Also Artik is a capable platform but it needs a community of hackers to become even better.Solutions can be hacked but only with bright minds of today thinking about tomorrow's problems.  
 ARDUINOWe learn how to include Arduino101 with Board manager. We also learn how to use external library that compatible with Arduino101. ESP8266We learned so much how use ESP8266 as wifi module.Our knowledge elevated very much in ESP8266 AT Command. We understand how to use AT command for getting threshold and sending sensors data.APIWe can make API to send and get data using internet network event there is not enough network on the site.HIGHCHARTSWe learn about Highcharts techonlogy and make interactive live data. Integrate technology between API and Highcharts. 
 Test business idea earlyHackathon puts a lot of pressure to rush the problem implementation 
 You cannot run two instances of web3 provider engine at onceWe learned that setprotocol.js is pointing to some incorrect addressesYou can charge a macbook by connecting it to another macbook via usb-c 
 Some new technologies and I think our hacking planning skills have improved as well :)  
 Microsoft Azure, Node JS, Angular Js 
  
 Azure Security GraphMicrosoft Graph JSON BatchingAzure oAuth Token automation with Azure FunctionsJavascriptAzure Container RegistryDocker ImagesAzure Application InsightsAzure Web Application creation and deploymentLithnet Password Protection for Active DirectoryHave I Been Pwned NTLM Hashes for Pwned Password 
  
 We learned a lot about time management as we should have had a backup plan for our hosting issues. 
 python scraping, using google map API 
 Coding with 2 hours of sleep is hard.  Group dynamics are more important than individual talent. 
  
 Bit manipulation, converting numbers between bases and being able to verify zkSnarks on-chain using zokrates 
  
 How to build Twitch extensions (and chat bots)!Using Speech-to-Text software to implement a keyword recognition service (on Azure) 
  
 This is only my second time using Python and my first time using Node.js. Because of that, I have learned so many things about these languages. I also learned that it takes quite a long time to actually deliver a fully polished app. Which this app is very far from. 
 How to write Alexa skillsHow to make Chrome extensionsHow to use websockets effectively 
 We learnt to unite a few APIs, such as Amazon Alexa and IBM Watson.Video Pitchhttps://techcrunch.com/video/racoon/Try it outgithub.com      Submitted to    TechCrunch Disrupt SF 2016Winner                Radix                  Created by  I'm fullstack software developerAlexander SivuraI have more than 8 years experience in software development. Last 4 years I work on mobile apps.Fullstack developerArduinoPython serverOpenCV optic flowMax GoncharovFull stack development. IoT SDK, IOS, node.js, javaOksana ChuikoEugene Tonevformer digital creative director from leo burnett, looking for new connections and opportunities. let's chat :) 
 Since Warmly only workes when there is mutual interest, the technology will cut down on overall spam emails as we scale. After speaking with both decision makers who receive cold emails and vendors of technologies, we have learned that both parties want to connect with each other when interest and goals align.  
 Talk to people who know what they're doing - who know what the process is, and who will be able to tell you if your idea is useful in the real world!Built Withbulldog-clipsc++hardwareopencvpythonrulerss3tapeTry it outfishotron.fyquah.me      Submitted to    Fishackathon 2015Winner                Global Panel Judged - Barcelona, Spain - Announced on July 10, 2015                  Created by  Worked on the identification of the tags, and real-time scaling based upon them, as well as physical hardware construction and feature planning.Tom HartleyWorked on integration of the components and a real-time web frontendFlorian RathgeberComputational scientist at ECMWF. Pythonista. Cyclist. Open Source / Open Data developer. PyDataLondon co-organiser. taarifa.org Co-Founder. 
  
 Learned to sign up for hackathon before going for it.We learned to use 3D manipulation through css and Microsoft Cognitive Services.Ps. No offense if offended.Built WithchromejavascriptTry it outgithub.comjingloon.github.iowww.instagram.com      Submitted to    Hack&Roll 2017Winner                Most Awesomely Useless Hack                  Created by  Explore Microsoft Cognitive Face API.Wei Kang ChiaStudent at National University of SingaporeContributed some stuffBernard YipTime and money and the soft shell crabJing Loon Gohstudent with occasionally weird ideasHappened to have messed around with Google extensions, utilized my experienceJoel Lim 
 BLHD 
 Quality is just as important as quantity when collecting training data. We knew that the more data we could collect, the better our predictions would be, but we learned more about the quality that is required of that data and some strategies that we can use to clean out useless noise. 
 Hand washing hygiene and vaccination is considered as the best solution for the virus infection in the medical point of view. But it's difficult to defend babies from rotavirus. From our interdisciplinary discussions, we've realized that rehydration and education for their parents are the reasonable solution about it 
 We learned how to use AWS and configure the credentials, and SDK's to work. We also learned how to configure and utilize our own machine learning algorithm, and about the dlib/OpenCV python Libraries! Furthermore, we understood the importance of the misinformation issue, and how it is possible to utilize a conjuction of a machine learning model with an effective user interface to appeal to and attract internet users of all ages and demographics. 
  
 Raspberry Pi, Bluemix IoT, Amazon Echo skill development, and team collaboration. Once we were all invested and sold on the same idea, we surprised ourselves in what we have been able to accomplish in such a short time. Great collaboration leads to even greater innovation. 
 Python is quite different than C++How to implement a GUIHow to make a program into an executable 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 Music is hard! 36 hours is not enough to create an algorithm that can generate music that has been endeared for centuries. I have a much greater appreciation (but also greater frustration...).Python is incredible. Technically, I already knew this, but to be able to produce this quality of a music generating, machine learning algorithm in under 250 lines is incredible. Yes, I only wrote 250 [very well thought out and tested via trial and error!] lines. Python is life.I was also introduced to pybrain and music21, Python libraries used for neural networks and analyzing music, respectively. Both of these are very well made and I hope I have an opportunity to explore more of their features in future projects.Also, I had to learn a lot of stat. It was pretty uncomfortable, and I'm not a fan... 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 How to effectively collaborate and be flexible with expectations. 
  
 Le managing du temps et la séparation des tâches a été des épreuves qui nous ont fait grandir rapidement tout au long de la soirée. 
 As in life, promises are the answer to some things, but not everything.Socket streaming > Ajax callsMongo > SQLTime is a finite beast 
 Robotics  
 So many things about iOS development, this was Michelle's first stab at it. Everything from MapKit, Storyboard, ViewControllers. 
  
  
  
  
 Expect anything. This project spawned after a team member was hit by a car driven by a distracted driver. Many roadblocks emerged along the project's development, but we we continued to move forward! 
  
 All of us were well versed in Python and backend, but not so much on web development. We had a fun time learning about deployment and learning about how servers communicate with each other. 
  
  
 