In future prospects, I want to integrate Internet of thing technology (IoT) with my app to provide real-time instant notification in case of a traffic accident. This notification will reach to the nearby police station, hospital and relatives of the person. I would also like to integrate machine learning algorithms to improve the quality of traffic feed and make it more relevant to the users based on their locations. 
 We would love to hear and incorporate your feedback as we continue developing this integration! So far, we’d like to incorporate these features:Automatic diagram update when new code is pushedImproved performance when generating large diagramsSupport for multiple programming languagesAbility to embed diagram into the repo’s README in one click 
 Beta launch in Indore Smart CityAdd suggest a parking feature, and supporting book parking online by finalising and adding the embedded hardwareAdd advance tools and solution for parking site device communication with citizen app for zero-manual interaction entry and exit from parkingMake the system work as complimentary tool over pre-existing parking management system and no system respectively for selected sites 
 We are currently taking the lessons we learned from building Lucidchart OnPrem and applying them to our web-based Lucidchart add-on. These changes will make both products faster, more reliable, and more valuable to our end users. Aside from the business push, we also plan to continue iterating and improving upon the add-on based on customer feedback. For instance, we will be releasing a new version with improved revision history controls shortly.SummaryJust like taking a Server-based add-on to the Cloud, taking Lucidchart to the Server was challenging and required many large and small changes to our existing product to deliver an excellent solution for our customers. We hope you'll enjoy testing Lucidchart OnPrem. Feel free to give us your thoughts as we are always working to make our products better, faster, and smarter. Thanks! 
 We will add some more features such as:Add an option in the worklog window to push hours into Cronforce - not every developer wants to run a clock tool so we want to allow to sync entries made directly into the worklog.Sync times based on collaborator, not assignee as until now.Detect and select the project to book time before starting the timerand of course a lot more other feature requests from our clients.Cronforce - made with love in BerlinUpdate: Here is our dedicated jira time tracking video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y6uRcYc2hMw 
 Build an IOS version + web site 
 In future prospects, I want to integrate Internet of thing technology (IoT) with my app to provide real-time instant notification in case of a traffic accident. This notification will reach to the nearby police station, hospital and relatives of the person. I would also like to integrate machine learning algorithms to improve the quality of traffic feed and make it more relevant to the users based on their locations. 
 We would love to hear and incorporate your feedback as we continue developing this integration! So far, we’d like to incorporate these features:Automatic diagram update when new code is pushedImproved performance when generating large diagramsSupport for multiple programming languagesAbility to embed diagram into the repo’s README in one click 
 Beta launch in Indore Smart CityAdd suggest a parking feature, and supporting book parking online by finalising and adding the embedded hardwareAdd advance tools and solution for parking site device communication with citizen app for zero-manual interaction entry and exit from parkingMake the system work as complimentary tool over pre-existing parking management system and no system respectively for selected sites 
 We are currently taking the lessons we learned from building Lucidchart OnPrem and applying them to our web-based Lucidchart add-on. These changes will make both products faster, more reliable, and more valuable to our end users. Aside from the business push, we also plan to continue iterating and improving upon the add-on based on customer feedback. For instance, we will be releasing a new version with improved revision history controls shortly.SummaryJust like taking a Server-based add-on to the Cloud, taking Lucidchart to the Server was challenging and required many large and small changes to our existing product to deliver an excellent solution for our customers. We hope you'll enjoy testing Lucidchart OnPrem. Feel free to give us your thoughts as we are always working to make our products better, faster, and smarter. Thanks! 
 We will add some more features such as:Add an option in the worklog window to push hours into Cronforce - not every developer wants to run a clock tool so we want to allow to sync entries made directly into the worklog.Sync times based on collaborator, not assignee as until now.Detect and select the project to book time before starting the timerand of course a lot more other feature requests from our clients.Cronforce - made with love in BerlinUpdate: Here is our dedicated jira time tracking video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y6uRcYc2hMw 
 Build an IOS version + web site 
 Toy car will be replaced with high capacity Drone.The Drone will be auto-guided based on the images captured and processed and using location details.The Drone will be flying with a specific distance ahead of the vehicle and will provide live street conditions.Data collected with the Drone will be further analyzed to improve the street conditions. 
 Iterative improvement of the model in an attempt to bring some real life practicality for its usage. With image based dataset of the cancer or tumor cells, much much more work can be done in this field. 
  
 Improve the accuracy by trying various other models 
  
 We plan to enhance the Image Editor’s functionality by adding an option to capture screenshots in the Editor straight from Confluence itself. 
 Actually, clients will fall in love with ChedliTaxi if there is a big number of drivers using it as well. The client would ideally use the application to find available taxis instantly. Therefore, the next phase is application marketing; we need to have as many drivers and clients using the application. Concerning the future of the application development, as mentioned previously, we will be accordingly releasing patches to bugs discovered by users. 
  
 Including more sensors and actuatorsDual redundancy in central nodeFail safe communicationOn-Board Autonomy FeatureAll the schematics , source codes , firmware & 3D Design Files are attached as a ZIP file along with necessary Documentation 
     Created by  Melk RamkiComputer Science Engineer , Mobile Developer , Pokemon Trainer 
  
 Would like to use AI  amazon web services particularly LEX which offers API for NLP to facilitate operation by voice rather than keyboard/mouse usage.Option for registering using an account of other popular social media sites. 
 Hopefully this can be better integrated with Facebook and then be adopted by other social media platforms to make sure we stop believing in lies. 
 high end Integration of OpenCV with Flir detection animals fro further points raising alarm etc 
  
 Will be trying to reach more people by updating in different language too along with added features like custom search and sort , push notifications and would advance to a social platform in further updates. 
  
 We are actively working on integrating Risk factors and Trends.Dependencies and integration between Releases is the next big module. 
 Now we want build more smart solution like if someone breaking traffic rules capture his number plate and generate challan with that automate complete challan system so people can get alert about challan on their mobile number. They have to pay the same online for more transparency. 
  
 ~ Improvements based on real user suggestions and Integration of real Data and implement of advance functions like- Car Wash, Repair at the time of parking? ~ We will add real data in it, it will help users to find best and safe route to travel.~ In future we can add more options like Voice Search, like Google does. with which you can find perfect route in seconds. 
 Configure to use multiple datasourceOther awesome chart like Pie, Bar, Stacked, Line, Area ChartingShipped with commonly used SQL Report 
 We aim to implement a "political thermometer" that appears next to political articles, showing the degree to which the particular article is conservative or liberal. In addition, we aim to verify a Facebook-specific "share verification" feature, where users are asked if they are sure they want to share an article that they have not already read (based on their browser history). 
 My plan is to keep improving on the iOS version and bgin the process for the Android version. However, first I want to go to Make School! 
 We plan to improve the UI even more. There are a few known bugs that need to be taken care of, which we weren't able to do in the hackathon time phase. 
  
 It's our destiny to run a real business for this APP and the first 4G OBU in Taiwan, no matter what we win the prize or not. 
  
 To improve the model accuracy by collecting customer satisfaction reviews and the data generated by the customers after integrating with PowerUp may even be used for further training the model using that data for better performance. 
 The next release of HYFY will bring it to the Enterprise by adding video privacy features.  You'll be able to limit access to HYFY videos to individual emails, entire email domains, JIRA domains and HipChat groups! 
 Building out more functionality to determine a user’s availabilityBuilding out more ways of communicating other than video chat. Twilio for instanceSmoothing out the UX with Alexa to make it easy and more natural 
 The next version will come up with selection of all type of changes on an issue in report. 
 We intend to continue the development of IRIS in a full fledged project to cater to the needs of the industry. At Integration Wizards (www.iwizardsolutions.com) we have substantial experience deploying Industrial IoT solutions to several fortune 500 customers. We intend to make IRIS a part of our product portfolio through a sustained investment. 
 Will be soon coming up with new upgraded version of same app. which will include "swachh bharat abhiyan"  campaign as well.Minimum OS versionJelly Bean 4.1, 4.1.1 
 Link the dashboards with various Education and Outreach programs that are currently being rolled over in California. After all, learning starts from our homes.Locality / Community based Gamification and introduction of incentives. This will make the water conservation a more social and fun affair.We plan to integrate Ultrasonic sensors with the water pipelines of a street/locality to detect leakages in the pipes and alert water authorities.Making the water flow meters installed in pipes self powered using the flow of the water itself. This will allow to run it continuously without electricity. Develop in-built intelligence to allow ARTIK to take feed from Moisture sensors and compare it with live weather report from internet to make better informed decisions.Potentially collaborate with pipe manufacturing companies to launch new products in the markets which have in-built sensors embedded in them.To test, take feedback, improve and repeat the cycle. 
 Cross Platform version of desktop client (supporting Win+Mac); Integration with Jira - our tool is really great for exploratory testing, because it catches all steps before the tested application crashes. 
 The next phase for HeyTaxi is : Create an dedicated free Android application for drivers to help them localise futur passengers and to gather real-time vehicle information for location and fuel level. This data can be used to inform an optimal matching strategy, analyse to traffic jam which can play a significant role in fuel and emissions cost.HeyTaxi doesn't depends on external or payed service for mapping or routing, it's based entirely on free and open source softwares used by major cities like Barcelona, Lyon and other. HeyTaxi uses own Routing Machine, which can includes roadworks, traffic incident and traffic jam. Therefore this service can become a opendata service for the city and help others transportation services like :  Uber, iTaxi and Careem.HeyTaxi works for now on Facebook Messenger, but can be linked to other platforms, such WhatsApp, Skype, Slack and voice recognition assistance like Amazon Echo.Beyond the scope of this hackatron, we hope to get the public administration involved for a real public transportation service and for that we are ready to open source the project. 
 You need to enter the email address, password and folder path where you want to download the attachement. 
 More updates 
 Our carpooling feature, DUO, is just now reaching the public. We will next look to further reduce the number of vehicles on our roads with multi-modal features that make it easy for our users to take public transportation. These features will allow drivers to see travel options such as taking the bus or subway when planning a trip without the need to take any additional steps like looking up train times, bus routes, connections, and the like--we do all of the work! By removing these obstacles, we make taking public transit more convenient and accessible. While sitting back and relaxing on the bus, these users can look in the Metropia rewards store to see how they'll spend the bonus points they've earned by taking mass transit and removing another car from the road!  
 3D Printed case for circuitOne board rather than twoCollision Detection 
 With time, this solution will evolve to also provide offline access to Customer booking, Devices and apps, Education, Identity and access, Notes, Reports, SharePoint , Social intelligence, Tasks, Microsoft Teams, Workbooks and charts. 
 The files which have been moved under scanned folder can be utilized by another automation which has The OCR Engines activities Like Abbyy Flexi capture, Microsoft OCR or Google OCR to extract the information from PDFs, And the files which have been moved under Native Folder can be utilized by another automation which consists of Full text or Native methods to extract the data from PDFs. Or Anyone can use it or modify it evolve and develop further activities associated with PDFs. 
  
 We want to test in real situations because we feel it might help immigrants around the world. 
 I intend making the android application more interactive and user-friendlyI plan on making it available to everyone who wants access to it.3, If possible i intend making it an application that can be used for various sickness diagnosis  
 Getting 1000 users in 15 days. Adding more games and features. 
 We are planning on expanding this game even more by adding an Online multiplayer , more characters and boosters 
 We hope you guys can enjoy our work, we can do much more! 
 The skill will come out with more metrics and more query parameters. Page views was one of the metrics.Example of giving more power to query  :How many page views did I get today from California?How many page views did I get this week from a Chrome browser?Example of bringing in more metrics :How many active sessions were there this year?How many people have used my website in the French language? 
  
 We plan to add more package carrier support so that the extension can be used by just about anyone. We are also thinking of ways to integrate bits so that viewers can spend them when adding their package and maybe the streamer will do a special boxing for those packages. We also want to setup additional alerts either though Twitch Chat or a stream overlay for OBS/xSplit that can alert when packages have been submitted or delivered!Finally we plan to spend some time skinning and providing options for the streamer to be able to customize the look and feel of the panel to fit with their own style! 
 We would like to add a time table that represents better the allowed parking times in a week, instead of telling you if you can park right now or not. It would also be nice to be able to decipher more complicated panels that contain, for example, reserved residential parking spaces. 
 We have many more ideas to expand and improve LITT. We would like to incorporate themes/genres for activities, increase user-friendliness, as well as improve the user interface. We are striving to have a university to start implementing our application in their daily events. Since LITT can be used for both formal and casual events, it is perfect for students to use for organizing club events to going to the movies on a Tuesday night. We also plan to have the application link with the device's calendar, allowing users to opt in for notifications and reminders as to when they have events to attend.  
 The ultimate goal is to integrate the software into a pair of google glass with which the person can communicate with. It would be able to not only find objects, but as well as find buildings/landmarks and give directions upon request from the user.Hopefully, with further development this software could have a meaningful impact on the lives of those who face challenges greater than our own.  
 Natural Language ProcessingRelative time processing in event based input, for example:today at 4pmtomorrow morningnext monday at 11:59am 
  
 We would love to increase the accuracy even more, and integration into law enforcement field sobriety tests for more accurate results. Also, we could make it into a widely used app that people use to check on their friends before they drive. Also, it can be used in hardware or big-box stores to test people's sobriety before they use heavy machinery, which when operated under the influence is very dangerous for customers/employees and illegal. We also want to implement different instances through sessions or tokens to make the web-app more scaleable.For more information contact:shevchenkoalexander@icloud.comornicolasmacbeth@gmail.com 
 Improvements to the extension like with the introduction of Bits to it. 
  
  
 Hyper is currently tackling a small part, connecting buyers and sellers, of a potentially huge craigslist. In the short term, I want to expand the app to incorporate business scenarios. In the future, I plan to incorporate machine learning to recommend users what they might like to sell or what they might like to buy.  
  
  
 Right now this app is at a very early stage in development. The minimum viable product has been implemented and everything works.Next Up Is Adding youtube like Pull Down and drag video anywhere Notifications for new video added by any channel Immersive Fullscreen mode Add to Favorites Button User Selected Channels and trending videos based on user's likes 
 Solve more operations using image recognition! Stay tuned!Rename the project to something more general. I want to cover more topics such as Chemistry, Biology, Math, Physics, etc... 
 An image dataset of common household recyclables and trash can be created to train a target network specifically for recycling classification. 
 PlainDoc capitalizes on a largely untouched market share. As uniquely social and interactive platform, large healthcare companies would vastly increase their corporate social responsibility and brand image. Insurance companies and medical practices would be poised to capitalize on the new platform to garner customers -  technology is already being optimized and implemented in a myriad of other applications, but quality consumer health software has lagged behind. Making medical care accessible and personal again is consistently cited as the most important initiative for public health campaigns and this app is the secret! 
 We intend to invest into Lumos to take it to Digiset manufacturers and owners to provide them access to near real time metrics about their digisets.  
  
 We have big plans for our application! The first improvement we want to make is improve the client facing side of the app, by adding photos of the restaurants we list, as well as photos of the meals that each restaurant offers. We also want to implement an administrative portal for restaurants to manage their listingBut how do I make money?? - Kevin O'LearyWell kev, as with any search-based application, there is always ways to make money. With our app, the easiest way to do so is to implement ways for the restaurants to promote themselves, such as prioritized listings, or advertising of promotions. Our goal is to build the brand so that we can eventually charge restaurants to list themselves on the app, thus generating even more revenue from our application.So, with a brand build, and plenty of money-making potential, we believe that YourHealthy.City will become an excellent way to help people get healthy and stay healthy.After all, A healthy city, is a smart cityFind out more :GoogleSlides PresentationGitHub @skiracerdude/hackatown2017 
 We currently have this working as a prototype. We would like to make the system production ready and on-board more users to run a pilot and get them to use the solution. 
 emoCam is at a prototype stage and i plan to push it into production stage. I would like to see emoCam impact people's businesses.  
 Vector Fields, Curl,  Divergence, Green's theorem, and Stokes’ theorem to name a few. 
 The alertness index algorithm required rigorous testing from users and the algorithm needs to be perfected after more research , opinions and adding questions that can help us predict a better alertness Index score 
       Implementation on large scale.      Making it affordable for the village.                   More Data! --------> More Analytics!  ----------> Better Decisions Outcomes of the ProjectVillagers with awareness of water quality (Reduced cases of Disease)Better farming Effective Real Time monitoring of wells from multiple and remote villages.Acknowledgement (very important)Firstly we would like to thank Intel Corporation for providing hardware.Thanks to Mr. RS Vyas, Director, Techno India NJR Institute of Technology for making available labs 24*7.Special Thanks to our mentors and teachers who contributed to our project::):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):)Prof. Pradeep Chhawchharia,Prof. Vivek Jain,Prof. Yogendra Singh Solanki,Mr. Chandra Shekhar Sharma,Mr. Rajendra Singh Chouhan,Mr. Sorabh Chaturwedi& whole ECE Department of Techno NJR:):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):)We also thank our crazy:) friends who were always there in IoT Lab to help us_ Prateek, Pankaj, Harshita, Tanvi, Kritika, Devashish, Akash _All our dedicated Teachers and passionate friends.               Thank You Once Again :) :) :) 
  
 Well.... definitely a better UI 
 The following steps we have planned are as follows:Improve data storage through Firebase. One database per user.Make summaries of the histories to show them in the home.Make historical data private for each device.Change the device settings on the web through a form.Activate or deactivate fans remotely.Conduct a socio-economic study in different countries. 
 The roadmap for stratejos:Stratejos for HipChat is pending review in the Marketplace.More assistance, insights and analytics for sprints (e.g. helping with priorities).Integrate some of our machine learning models and algorithms into production.Integrate with BitBucket to ingest and analyse source code to provide even better assistance. 
 First of all publishing, the main idea is that CITYSCOPE can learn from all data, analyze, and cane get info for different purposes, the more importan make easy to people move in the city.Also this app is not closed to Mexico City, is designed to adapt to any city in Mexico, or the World. 
 There are many things that we can think about the future for Hootchat. The first thing is to integrate others social media such as Twitter, Instagram and Google+, gathering and merging all the contacts. Then we intend to develop the Web app. New features such as group chat, upload video and image, take a photo in real time are also on the scope.  
  
 Product promotion and scaling.  
 We need to integrate Big data system with captured vehicle commands for real time analytics and top driver leaderboard ranking 
  
  
 Expand the scope of errors for which it can find and implement appropriate solutions. This can be done by making extensions/integrations for popular IDEs, and searching other sites in addition to StackOverflow. 
 Adding actual card payment processing and Google Maps integration.Team infoTeam name: Dream teamTeam members: Nicolas MacBeth, Jason Botzas-Coluni, Dina Khalesi and Laetitia Ségaux 
 We are working on deep integration with Atlasssian products such as HipChat, Confluence, BitBucket etc. 
 I am going to add some more methods and functionality. Would also work on promoting this add inTesting instructions:Please use below provided data for Testing:Sample data 1:Enter Rest Endpoint.Select "Get" method.Hit "Send" button and check response payload in.Rest Endpoint - https://reqres.in/api/users?page=2Method - GETResponse Payload -{"page": 2,"per_page": 3,"total": 12,"total_pages": 4,"data": [    {        "id": 4,        "first_name": "Eve",        "last_name": "Holt",        "avatar": "https://s3.amazonaws.com/uifaces/faces/twitter/marcoramires/128.jpg"    },    {        "id": 5,        "first_name": "Charles",        "last_name": "Morris",        "avatar": "https://s3.amazonaws.com/uifaces/faces/twitter/stephenmoon/128.jpg"    },    {        "id": 6,        "first_name": "Tracey",        "last_name": "Ramos",        "avatar": "https://s3.amazonaws.com/uifaces/faces/twitter/bigmancho/128.jpg"    }]}Sample data 2:Enter Rest Endpoint.Select "Post" method.Enter request payload.Hit "Send" button and check response payload.Rest Endpoint - https://reqres.in/api/usersMethod - POSTRequest payload - {"name": "morpheus","job": "leader"}Response payload -{"name": "morpheus","job": "leader","id": "263","createdAt": "2017-12-19T14:28:21.400Z"} 
 Next on our list is releasing the server version of the plugin and adding more issues filtering options to make it even easier for users to see only the updates that are important for them. 
 Make email window with U@Work as a HUB for all Office365 apps (U@Work as an interface to MS Project online, TFS, Sharepoint, Planner, SFB, Teams, Groups etc) & also other Monolithic tools like SAP, Oracle etc in a very innovative way & automatically caters customer’s requirement.More productivity featuresSpecific data analytics with machine learning.All conversations (text, AV) to be tagged to a project/activity & the files generated stored in One Drive / AzureCurrently project dashboard being generated, going forward program management dashboard for an accountU@Work has been realized on O365 & Outlook.com. Going forward it should cater to all email users irrespective of domain or service providerDevelop a mobile email client.Note: For installing U@Work add-in on Outlook 365, side load the Manifest from the URL which is given in "Try it out" section below. Refer below URL for installation procedure:http://www.nascorgroup.com/help/uatwork/V2/index.html  
  
 In-app Subscriptions.Drivers Ranking.Forgot Password.And More! 
 Include multiple health monitoring systems and not restricting it to just ECG, making it accessible to a wider market.Reduction of circuit size, and designing a monolithic ICIntegrating data analytics to study ECG patterns 
 -Improve on the user interface portion to attract and retain more users.-A possibility would be to further expand on the social aspect of the project. Ripples next steps could be to collaborate with popular services that would provide a worthwhile reward to the clients when using this technology.-Improve on the implementation of various aspects of the software and fully implement the policy and quota/reward options.Due to time constraint we didn't combine the multiple videos into one please watch them from the following linkhttps://drive.google.com/open?id=0B1cKJp1NNdpecUxIOFFvNlBnbnM 
 We wish to branch out and take in various data sets to keep up to date with the various festivities of the city. 
  
 Using streaming hub to consolidate the logs received from CV module and Temperature module. Build custom hardware that is packaged into a small form factor with built in LTE capability. Create a mobile app so that users can update emergency information and other configuration details.  
  
 Account linking- By this we can create a user profile, and take the inputs like weight and sex- this would make the dialogue design cleaner and easier to use. (We have almost finished the build for this but will not be able to meet the deadline so removing from the version one scope)2.Have state wise permitted BAC and add that info into the skill. (taking the Address permission from the user)Add English UK and German languages.Hangover Remedies: This functionality would go hand in hand with the skill.Cocktail RecipiesDrink Games 
 We NEED to win an oscar. 
 Improvements to the appMore robust error handling and general bug fixingSupport XML-based REST APIsAllow setting custom HTTP headers and authAllow specifying a field from the response to use as a unique idExtract the core functionality into a package that can be used by Meteor apps without needing to use our service.Improve the diffing and fix the inefficient publishing of changesUI improvements, e.g. grouping publications together, changing the route for each saved configuration.Allow keeping some publications privateClean up some nasty parts of the codeSupport APIs that return only a single item (currently we expect an array)Scaling & performanceReduce load on REST APIs: ensure that multiple subscriptions to the exact same API with the same variables share the same HTTP requests to the REST API.Create a packageWe would like to see Meteor come to mind immediately for developers who are looking to put a new UI in front of a legacy app with a RESTful API, rather than being considered for new app development only. Front-end only frameworks tend to grow in popularity much faster than full-stack frameworks because there are so many developers with legacy apps that want to update the UI without rebuilding the entire app.A hosted service is good for an API provider who wants to provide a DDP API without doing more work, it can be thought of like a proxy. But a developer who wants to consume a REST API might not want to go through a hosted proxy and might want to be able to subscribe to REST API's directly within their app.So we would like to extract the core functionality into a package so that any Meteor app can easily subscribe to a REST API and receive live updates over DDP. 
 To be honest, we're not quite sure exactly what's next for our baby because, we just don't know how far we can take it. Developing it will need a good sum of resources that we do not have but let's say we do and all goes well, in that case, there's a whole world out there that we reach with TheFriendZone. We can develop a more sophisticated gaming style that isn't just, here's the question, now give me the answer, but more like, get the hero to escape the haunted castle, you know? It can be designed to be more interactive and engaging. Of course, we could host small competitions, akin to a 'big boss challenge', that will be collaborations with Tech employers out there looking for fresh innovative solutions, all the while building a stable platform for players all over the world to play together and learn from each other without being affected by discriminations, unconsciously or not. 
 SleepActual testing using Mains powerBuild more modules, add more functionalitiesRe-make the design more compact 
  
 Once blockchain scales, our solution can be considered for deploying on a larger scale. Our machine learning algorithms can be trained for more cases of tampering. 
 First, we would like to create a better experience on Dawn by integrating more APIs which would allow users to access a larger number of articles. Second, we would like to create a cloud word processor that would help with academic language, check for plagiarism, and other features that can potentially help researchers output better research papers. Third, we would like to create a system to classify articles as read, important, irrelevent, and unread. This way, researchers can filter out unimportant articles from future searches for a certain project, see which articles were important and require further reading, and know which articles the researchers have read.  
  
  
 We want to create an application that reports the highest threat directly to the concerned authorities as well as the family members while updating the people about the safety in that region. We could also expose an API for the already existing apps so that they can continue to provide security to people all over using real data rather than the simulated data that we used for this demo. With more data, we can even use learning algorithms to predict the unsafe areas on a given time segment along with the crime type, so that prior patrolling can be done near these spots! 
 More content and balance tweaksFix interface bugsExpand the PvP features to include leaderboards, guilds, and private battlesChat functionality 
 We hope to first test our app through Stony Brook University Hospital’s blood bank and the students within the university to see if the app can efficiently facilitate blood donation to the blood bank. We want to increase supplies of blood while at the same time decrease spoilage. If the test is a success, we aim to promote our app to other New York hospitals. In the end, we want every hospital and blood bank to adopt our system. 
 Having Montreal officials approve it, and introduce it as a reward for goods and services. 
 There is still a lot to do to make Kanoah CRM even better, and we will work hard to make it even more comprehensive and easy to use. Here are some of the next features:Dashboard gadgetsCalendar view for activitiesNotifications for activities based on due date fieldJQL functions to help building saved filtersFaster transition between screens, avoiding page loading when changing between main areas (Deals, Activities, Organizations and Contacts).The Kanoah CRM roadmap page has a complete list of next features. 
 Extension of key features as described in the video and our Recycle.io white paper.Better analyticsMore advanced Image Classification module 
 I wish to make the social network more rewarding with more functionalities and more social and sharing mechanisms. Implement email alerts for new deals and add follow locations feature to users to track their bucket list destinations. Automated deals verification and deals expiry checks are also on the way to eliminate turn around time between deals addition and the same becoming live 
  
 In Latin America, the economic growth in recent decades has led to a sharp increase in the rate of motorization, which has not been offset by the expansion of road infrastructure. This imbalance is heightened by the fact that during peak hours about half of the vehicles are mobilized with a single passenger, and cars generally move with a low use of installed capacity. Indeed, more than 400 million empty chairs in vehicles moves per day in the region. This allows to explain that the average speed of journeys has been reduced by about 50% over the past three decades in the main cities of the region. As a result, mobility has become a major economic, political and environmental problems, since in a manner harmful impact on productivity, adoption of public management and air quality.Looking ahead, this the mobility would worsen in the emerging economies since the planned expansion of the road infrastructure will not achieve the motorization rates significantly stimulate by this 3 causes: i) a sharp increase in global urbanization rates from currently 50% the population inhabiting the cities to 70% by 2030; ii) a significant increase in per capita income and iii) an acceleration in the transition to single-person households. Knowing that the problem will increase and that emerging countries are increasing the connectivity to internet and the access to smartphones, from Wheels we believe that there is a lot of potential out there to be reached.However we believe that technological products like Wheels will change dramatically the industry and will change the experience of the commuters. 
 Updating and deleting SNOW incidents / requests.This can be implemented for other ticketing tools like BMC Remedy.  
  
  
  
 We are currently serving users with a couple of routes, with a very small mvp. To scale is necessary to improve our application, the way people join and ask for a route which also means to have more Van owners and reduce cost. For what we need programmers, and investment to accelerate our penetration process. 
 Although we are very proud of what we've done, there are still some possible improvements that can be worked on in the future:Find a way to directly use the immediate speed data in the current app to increase accuracy.Increase the functions of the app( future traffic prediction, alternate routes advise...).Thank you for your time and we hope you support our project~!!! 
 Adding a better UI. 
 We will launch the Android version of the app in November 2016.   We will launch our app in several African countries by December 2016.We will raise funds to expand our geographical footprint and add features to the platform (payment, post delivered by taxi, partnership with venues so that spectators enjoy an easy ride when going to a venue.We currently use the igloo platform to offer the service and might build a fully dedicated app as soon as funds are available. 
 1.Machine Learning2.AI on analyzing Candidates CV/Resume3.CV Sourcing from Various Professional Networking Sites4.Email Campaigning 
  
 Due to the lengthiness of the process , we are not able to compare and compute the results in IBM Watson. We would like to continue our project and make a successful prototype of our product. We think this concept not only mitigates the issues of a recruiter, but also for candidates.  
   Extend Part / Material location definition to enable augmented reality based system to show material availability in real-time to plant supervisors.  Add operations defects as parameter to improve the accuracy of order time prediction  Graphical representation of work center availability and options for early completion time  Integration of Predictive Maintenance solution (our IP solution) to improve accuracy of order processing and enable flexibility in planning  
  
  
 i want looks like photoshop~~ 
  
 This service could be very easily scaled; as more and more people automatically monitor products and get refunds, request overhead goes down due to overlap. The service could stay operational by charging a small percentage of each refund amount, or through donations. We built this on Azure, so it'd be dead simple to scale by switching to an actual Mongo cluster and a standard microservice architecture. In the future, we'd also want to use some of Azure's built in caching/queueing features to make this a bit more asynchronous; requests are currently done inline because of time constraints. The fact that Azure did basic DNS for us was amazing, huge props for that feature. 
 In the future, I plan to add Artificial Intelligence to iBite; it will be able to create recommendations for both pages and recipes based on your opinions. I also plan to add push notifications to better engage the user about activity on their page. 
 After this competition, I will continue to develop Access Granted. While the app can appeal to a wide audience, I am interested in connecting with organizations that work with young adults who do not have easy access to career services. I would like to find out what features would be most beneficial for young adults as they prepare for their interviews.One idea I have is to make Access Granted social. Users will be able to log on, favorite questions they like, upload their recordings to the community and receive feedback. I would also like to set up video mock interviews through this app or a sister app that pairs job seekers with professionals.Thank YouI appreciate your support! I could not have done this if it weren't for the love of my family and friends driving me and for the opportunity Make School has provided! Thanks  
 We intend to make several improvements going forward. This is our working list, but it continues to grow every week:Adjusting the details of the device to make it leak less, and make it more durable.Slimming the device as much as possibleAdding the ability to run the device on solar power and monitor the battery level and power usage.More rigorous testing with real plants.Investigate increasing power efficiency and reducing cost.Look into using BLE or Bluetooth to access the data without an internet connection.Adding the option to automate the desalinator with more practical user inputs like type of crop, size of field, or ideal volume of water.Special ThanksColumbia CMS (Laser Cutter and workspace)Professor Ngai Yin Yip (Mentorship)Hang Xu (Membrane Broker)Hampton Chutney (Keeping our bodies and minds fueled)Rayogram (Meeting Space)Alice Wong (Immense Patience) 
 This app is currently available as a demo prototype and we expect to launch a full version in the coming weeks.ContactE-mail the team at raneff@gmail.com, shirinpoustchi@gmail.com, jdutt55@gmail.com 
 In the next iteration, we plan to enhance grouping algorithms and give users better ways to visualize their Inbox. We are working on a new List View screen which will allow users to see all the communication groups with the ability to set filters and order for the list.We also plan to implement integration with Outlook groups and Groups of Contact which will help to automatically create them based on the Molecula’s clever algorithm of grouping. Stay tuned!Who knows, maybe taking part in Hack Productivity competition we have started a new big project which will quickly grow and evolve! At least we will do our best to make it happen! 
 The logic will not change. Reduce or control the car flow in highway. First, we think that goverment should have a stronger execution. For example, raise the road toll is an effective solution but goverment do not choose this because afraid of lossing the vote. For another example, high occupancy or reserved vehicle lane is also a great solution that many cities use. I think the goverment should be bold! Second, if talk about help with technology. We believe, combination of wisdom mobile system and big data are the future. For example, interval is a really critical key point in solving traffic jam, if intelligent system can automatically control interval between cars, the problem will greatly solved. For another example, with the help of big data, we can predict the car flow and make furthr decisions like distribute car drivers into several differnt times. Last but not least, we think local goverment should do more about local public transport system, many people drive their own cars but not buses because they think it is too inconvinent in Yilan.   ReferenceLane Reservation for Highways (Position Paper)IMPACT ANALYSIS OF TRANSPORTATION CAPABILITY BY SPEED LIMIT IN XUESHAN TUNNELFranks Self-organized lane formation and optimized traffic flow in army antshttp://trid.trb.org/view.aspx?id=117065http://www.pilotonline.com/news/local/transportation/why-traffic-flow-slows-when-drivers-hit-tunnels/article_83519484-e462-5955-bc85-afb20bb653a5.html 
 The next step would be to populate our deep learning application with more accurate data, so it can give better analysis.Also, we would like to connect our API to live feeds of security footage. 
 * 
 Version 2 is on it's way after receiving hundreds of feedback from friends and strangers I talked to. Download Mood Buddy and be on a look out for that! Guided meditations and workout videos are coming, besides many other improvements. 
 Maybe substitute TTS-generated words with human read wordsA sophisticated gaming engine, that tracks user's progress on various dimensionsOffer the user a definition or a translation of the word he didnn't guess 
  
  
 In the short term I would like to expand some of the available information including potential new measures of chat. As mentioned earlier, I would like to expand the text matching capability as well as to add some information around key words and phrases. Finally, trending over time is something I am very keen to expand. To be able to show streamers the change in sentiment (and other factors) in response to game changes, raids, hosts, etc.  
  
 First, the present project and its outcome do not have the pretention to be completed software or product but is for now just an Hackaton submission to serve and extend the UiPath capabilities within an area (Attended automation) still quite underrated if we consider the number of potential opportunities that it could cover.We, Symphony and I, believe that the attended automation area will be part of the future of RPA (and by extension the Future of work)and can, at large but also small scale can be game-changing for enterprises.Personally, I truly hope to be able to be able to prioritize this initiative in the future  there are many other items and features (More controls, Form scope and activities to take action on it, increase interaction between form and the Studio...) I am looking forward to implementing in order to make the idea more accessible, efficient and spreadableStay tuned! 
 We don't want to stop here. There is a lot to improve and develop. The following features that we plan:Routes Statistics and achievementsUser’s ratingsSocial component ARP.S.Use this credentials for gitlab repologin: terra.incognita.mainpassword: trrYtRP3u2&I 
  
 We believe that JIRA is just one of many places where teams are sharing sensitive information and want more secure options. We’d like to extend Team Secrets to Confluence, HipChat and other Atlassian products so that teams can practice safe sharing  wherever they work. 
  
  
  
  
 To add advanced reporting and build a subscription model based payment module. Currently, TeamFlowApp is available as a public beta. 
 Our next dream is to Refine the design of the tools, collaborate with local conservatory organization and apply this solution in real-life. 
 I would like to enhance my App further with more modules like Notifications to notify weather forecast. Also would like to gather analytics based on App usage for further enhancements. Would like to enhance this app to gather farmer’s routine tasks on irrigation which may help them to forecast their farming schedules., 
 Apply an automatic speech recognition and Machine learning to be able to make the search more robust and able apply for any video (Not only Youtube video). We want to create an API for Yoogle, so that we can provide a plugin for MOOCs or other online courses. 
  
 Make more non-linear choices with different endingsAdd more dialogue which introduces computer science conceptsImprove the art style of the project and make it more uniformMore character developmentMore polished writing 
 We have future scope of developing a phython script which reads the Bot logs from folder real time and stores in DB so that the dashboard is updated automatically in real time.We hope to get lot of constructive feedbacks and suggestions from the user's so that the dashboard's functionalities can be enhanced to a greater level.Also would love to hear from different users and their stories of how our dashboard is helpful in steering their business decisions. 
 Right now PicTalk can't detect images on all pages of the web. Our next step would be to work on a seamless integration with Facebook so users could engage with photos on one of the most popular social media sites in the world. 
 During the next few days we will lunch new features realted to the note, the user will classify the notes to what are fun and what are boring, and what takes too long time and what can be done in minutes, then sticky will be able to tell them what to do every day. given that Sticky will learn what is fun and what is boring to the user so it will auto classify his notes. 
  
 With more time we would have liked to expand this game to multiple levels, taking the player to new mad landscapes. We had to strip back our idea for the time frame available but future iterations will include more crazy main characters, more randomisation and an upgradable robot body.  
 I wish to improve the itinerary generator by taking into account the anticipated weather data for the dates of travel and shooting suggestions based on behavior of like minded travelers. Options of itinerary export, sharing and user sign in and cloud saving are on the cards too 
  
 We plan on associating this service with bank accounts from institutions such as Scotiabank. This will allow users to also see their bank balance after payment, and help us expand our project to include facial recognition ATMs, gesture detection, and voice-enabled payment/ATMs for them to be more accessible and secure for Scotiabank's clients.  
  
 Be a real product on market and make billions.Where can I find the project?The code can be found on bitbucket. Can I see some pictures with higher resolution?Yes you can! Check or presentation on full HD. 
  
 If we can do this for murals, we can do this for restaurants, museums, Bixi bike stations, etc. Everything will feel just a little closer. Maybe even avoid construction? ;) 
  
 what we believe is that it could transform into an app that isn't just doctor-patient, but lso integrate farmacies into the mix by at any given time, that the doctor changes the patient's treatment, the app can perform payments of the new medication to a farmacy that has that medicine stocked. 
 Now that INTEL has announced that the Arduino 101 has fulfilled its life cycle, migrate to the use of new platforms such as LORA or Sigfox 
 Creating an MVP which can be deployed with shipping supplies companies or ports and tweaking it furtherEnabling it to coordinate with CRM and eCommerce platforms of ships, chandlers and the port authorities 
 "Room" SystemAnnotation of lecture slidesWhiteboard for diagram drawingVideo Support to view lectures togetherVoice Communication Support 
 There's a long list of features I plan to deliver, if I win in one of the nominations. 
  
  
 Make it into a mobile app and/or turn your mobile phone into one of the controller! Not everyone has a Leap sensor but most people own a smartphone (monetize). 
 Implementing additional APIs to further increase accuracy of feedbackAdding a database to keep track of users and demographics to improve interview tips 
 We are opening possible avenues of partnerships with non-profit organizations such as red cross and salvation army. 
 I am willing to add more levels and more features that will make this game more fantastic.I want to add Facebook SDK, Play-fab, Photon for multiplayer,In-Game Coins, Leader-board, and rewarded video ads in the future. 
 We would implement... Expansion of application to encompass schools and prisonsEducational pages on seasonal produceRecommended recipes to use with the produceItems to be shared will include gardening supplies and equipment 
  
 Sending cards to individual members and customising the notifications menu are the two tasks on our minds. 
 Scheduling system and more control and weather updates.  
  
 Next for beClosing is the introduction of a number of features to further aid businesses in managing their contact lists.For businesses with multiple owners and sales employees, syncing of contact list notes and schedulesFurther integration with email, allowing businesses to see call logs and email communication between business and customer in one place and in chronological orderMaking the app more customisable for users, allowing for expanded grouping and rich text notes. 
  
  
 We will continue developing it. We will share this good stuff with our mums, all the housewives out there and the cooks of every household. We may also put it up on the app stores. Share the joy! 
 We can hope adding more supervised learning algorithms and add more parameters to existing ones.Create an unattended version of HandyML Predictor.Also, why not integrate Deep Learning?Quick installation guide1. PrerequisitesProject developed and tested on a Windows 10 machine.1.1. UiPath versionThis project has been developed under UiPath Studio 2019.4.3. So you will need a Studio/Robot with version 2019.4.3+.1.2. Python versionThis project uses Python 3.6.8+. It has been tested and developed on a x64 architecture.You can easily have a working Python 3.6 environment by installing Anaconda 2019.03 version (download Anaconda). Then you will need to create an Anaconda environment specifying Python 3.6.8+ version by executing the following in Anaconda Prompt (replace [environment-name] by the name you want, eg. env-3.6):conda create-env -n [environment-name] python=3.61.3. Python packagesYou will also need to install the following packages using either conda (if Anaconda installed) or pip to be able to use this tool.If using Anaconda, launch Anaconda Prompt and execute following commands:activate [environment-name]conda install numpy pandas scikit-learnpip install matplotlib scikit-plotpip install win10toast (add options --user --ignore-installed when installed on a Windows 7 machine)1.3.1. NumPyDeveloped with NumPy 1.16.4.1.3.2. PandasDeveloped with Pandas 0.24.2.1.3.3. Scikit-LearnDeveloped with Scikit-Learn 0.21.2.1.3.4. MatplotlibDeveloped with Matplotlib 3.1.1. (Note: needs to be installed using pip, not working correctly using conda)1.3.5. Win10toastDeveloped with Win10toast 0.9. (Note: needs to be installed using pip, not working correctly using conda)1.3.6. Scikit-PlotDeveloped with Scikit-Plot 0.3.7. (Note: needs to be installed using pip, not working correctly using conda)1.4. Environment variablesIn order for the UiPath Robot to know where is Python installed and on which architecture you'll have to create 2 environment variables:HANDYML_PYTHON_PATH, indicating the folder on which python.exe file can be found> With Anaconda installed you can know where the python.exe file is by following this: https://docs.anaconda.com/anaconda/user-guide/tasks/integration/python-path/HANDYML_PYTHON_TARGET, indicating the machine architecture (should be x64 or x86)2. Create and train a supervised machine learning modelJust launch HandyML_Trainer and follow the steps!Of course, to start you'll need an Excel file holding your data, everything is explained at step 1. Where is your data?.3. Make predictions on new data using a trained modelThis time launch HandyML_Predictor and specify the path of the Excel configuration file generated by HandyML_Trainer indicating the model to use, the JSON configuration file associated to this model. A sheet named data is available for holding new data.Important note: New data must have exactly the same format as the one used during training.4. Let us know if you have any issuesGithub: https://github.com/masiref/HandyMLEmail: masire.fofana@natixis.com | chabnichab@eisti.eu 
  
 I really love solving challenges of distributed teams, so I'm not going to stop on this Add-On. The next Add-Ons are:Relative EstimationRetrospective 
 Currently Unmute works with our server and internet connection, in the next version, we want to make it work in background without internet connection, and when someone calls mute person, keyboard pops up, and it will work like a charm. I don't think what I said is clear, but we'll explain this better in our presentation 
 We ran the numbers and we believe that making the managed services business into an insurance which covers all types of truck maintenance with a truck uptime SLAs would become extremely viable. Once self-driving trucks start hitting the road the variable labor cost is eliminated making the transport miles per truck per day a priority. Currently limited insurance products are available for trucking companies and building these SLA guaranteed insurance products can be hugely profitable for both fleet management and insurance companies.  Currently the Geo-location parameters are not being obtained, but having GPS feed would also give the location of the truck and can be used to integrate weather information. The sensor data in this project generated from the trucks, when combined with the GIS data and fuel consumption can be extremely valuable for tire manufacturers, especially their product engineering team. It will give them the ability to custom design tires for different geographies and load characteristics.  Packaging the data and selling it to manufacturers can also be a valuable revenue source.Extend this information exchange all the way to the manufacturer so that they can manufacture in small batches only the required number of tires and build a connected supply chain. Tire manufacturers have high levels of inventory close to 3 months of inventory and any decrease in inventory can add to the bottom-line. We estimate that if Goodyear Tire was able to reduce their inventory by 10% they would be able to add an additional $105* million dollars to their bottom-line.  We are reaching out tire companies, after market dealers and other industries where usage based billing would be of great value, giving companies the incentive to create products that can improve usage value of the product.* Source: https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/GT/balance-sheet?p=GTassuming a carrying cost of 40%.  
  
 We have planned to integrate a lot of exciting new features into the skill in the next few days such as more dynamic duration setting, allowing user to plan longer trips, setting the theme of a particular trip ( e.g. Hiking only trips, Clubbing ), making the skill more personal in the way solutions are tailored to the user. 
 We are planning to integrate a real-time SMS or Whatsapp based feature which would be sent by Hi-Pi to working adults to tell them how their loved one is doing at home. This would ensure that they can monitor their home We are also planning to implement more features to Hi-Pi such as object recognition and facial recognition. Hi-Pi should also be completely mobile and versatile to move around the house as well in future since most working adults have access to their smart phones almost 24/7. 
  
 Organize contacts on the app side with analysis and comparison between groupsLonger term a automatic categorisation process could be implement to identify who to track.One could set a start date of the beginning of the year; pick a trait like conscientiousness or cheerfulness; and see how that's progressed throughout the year; perhaps add an average. This would allow a manager to see how teams to responded to events, bonuses, etc 
  
  
 The app is released on Playstore , should productize the app once we have the mechanism for printing ready 
 We'd like to add the ability to create public and private rooms which url can be shared with friends or on social networks. We currently used a lot of default settings that would be settable by user, such as tempo, pitch, musical scale, board size, etc. We also would love to build Polytunes as a native app for mobile devices that could allow both solo offline and collaborative online play.Meteor package usedmeteor-base             # Packages every Meteor app needs to havemobile-experience       # Packages for a great mobile UXmongo                   # The database Meteor supports right nowblaze-html-templates    # Compile .html files into Meteor Blaze viewssession                 # Client-side reactive dictionary for your appjquery                  # Helpful client-side librarytracker                 # Meteor's client-side reactive programming librarystandard-minifiers      # JS/CSS minifiers run for production modees5-shim                # ECMAScript 5 compatibility for older browsers.ecmascript              # Enable ECMAScript2015+ syntax in app codegrigio:babelstylusartwells:accounts-guestaccounts-uiaccounts-passwordcheckrandommvrx:bluebirdgrove:call-asyncmizzao:timesyncu2622:persistent-sessionlookback:tooltips 
 2017 RoadmapPresenting the Lazzo at the World Mobile Congress in Barcelona (4YFN Track)~600 k Installs by the end of the yearOur API is used in one big e-commerce platformBy the end of 2017 we want to becomeThe World Largest  Big Data Research on the Problem of SizeAnd YES, we are looking for INVESTORS!Try it outlazzo.storegit.factory.mngit.factory.mn      Submitted to    Junction 2016    Created by  Evangelist, Idea Generator, Change The World StrategistAndrey EsaulovCo-founder of BotTalk - platform for creating Alexa Skills and Google ActionsProduct Manager, UX / UI, Wireframing and Design.Dmitriy ProvotorovProduct ManageriOS developerMaxim Zakopaylovaleksey rogov 
 In class questions (think iClicker)Survey based questions.Alternate analysis views for the presenter (eg: bar graph).Geolocation based presentations (so no codes required)."#Hackharrasment"If a student submits a question with profanity (from a defined list), they will be kicked and shown a message telling them not to send profanity because it is hurtful. 
  
  
 To be launched globally and to be also marketed to tourists visiting different countries. Furthermore, to partner with services that provide assistance to people with limited language skills and to adapt more features as users provide their feedback.  
 We will launch Fireflies at MIT and Drexel for Fall 2015. As we scale and gain traction we will expand to other schools in Boston and Philadelphia. Our goal is to reach a certain number of daily transactions at each campus we launch at before expanding. We will want to build a rating system and partner with nearby restaurants to make ordering food even more convenient. A long term vision we have for Fireflies is to expand to other communities on a global scale. We see communities that are well connected among neighbors, friends, family members, coworkers, and more. Colleges are a starting point, but we want to keep building, pivoting and tailoring this service to empower different communities across the world.   
 Currently I'm only search for jobs using Github Jobs APIs. later I can add more job websites such as LinkedIn and IndeedAlso We can save search criteria to be used later without need to enter it everytime 
 Our project was based on open drains, so we are looking forward to closed drains and cheaper and easier ways to clean then without the help of mankind.////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////// 
 Rounding out the command set to enable the full Heroku API features from chatTake advantage of the new UI enhancements coming in the HipChat API 
  
  
 We are looking forward to feedback and are considering ways of further add-on development at the moment.Try it outmarketplace.atlassian.com      Submitted to    Atlassian Codegeist: Add-on HackathonWinner                Best Bitbucket add-on                  Created by  Katerina KolinaAlexander KuznetsovDmitry Zagorovsky 
  
 We want Innovation to work for JIRA Server and improve reporting capabilities. 
 Face recognition for more personalized alerts to pre-set emergency contacts when in distress.User dashboard with authentication. 
 We are planning to design an app to provide real time analytics, so that this issue can be solved before it gets chronicle. Improve the efficiency of the algorithm by using paid softwares and tools to get real time data which does not limit the number of tweets we collect and analyze.   
  
  
 Enhance Crop barter to include other barters (manure from local kitchen gardens, where dead leaves, soil and other waste can be put in compost pits; recipe barter; community barter, where excess collective produce of one set of kitchen gardens in a community can be bartered with a similar excess of another community and then divided in ratio of the contributed produce, etc)A Freshness Indicator that uses photos of the produce and the natural aging of a type of produce to indicate to a buyer / barterer how fresh the produce is, or will be, on arrivalAn micro-climate app integrator for sensing daily data on temp, humidity, air quality, etc sensed through local sensors in the community, giving hints on what, when and how to plantA cash crop value indicator that also tells the kitchen farmer about some high value produce that can be grown in a part of the garden, to deliver handsome returns. For example, some exotic herb or mushroom might fetch a rate of USD 100 a pound, and your solution can match seller-buyers, making it lucrative to tend to a kitchen gardenA Kids Kitchen Korner where kids in the family are given lessons on healthy eating using kitchen garden produce, and then are asked to come up with new, creative ideas for growing and consuming fresh produce; maybe even a local Kids Kitchen Kookout Kompetition! Ha Ha! The idea here would be to change a whole generation's views to saving resources and reconnecting with Mother Nature at the home itself. 
  
  
  
 The add-on is now available on the Atlassian Marketplace and we look forward to hearing from our customers for feedback and suggestions. 
  
  
 We hope to continue to develop this application and keep in constant touch with the community consistently.Please note: AppLetic is still in it's very early stages. There is much more progress to be made. If you find any errors, or have any problems using the app, please do not hesitate to contact us at: Appleticism@gmail.com 
  
 An additional feature that could be added in the future is the ability for a user to animate their creations. The animation feature would require the implementation of a frame-by-frame painting process.Another additional feature that could be added is user art-sharing. Users of the app could visit other artists’ galleries and view the paintings they have created. Paint by head tracking allows even users with physical disabilities to experience the joy of painting in the comfortable, calming environment of VR. The option of activating paint options with voice command prompts also opens doors to those who are unable to access or use the Daydream controller. We decided we will also expand this app to other VR headsets and launch this app on Google Play. 
  
  
 I plan to improve the aesthetics, add more emoji options, and look into new ways to present choosing a contact. 
 We will extend it for more detailed analysisTry it outwww.dropbox.com      Submitted to    Apache Spark™ Makers Build by IBM    Created by  Moumita Das 
  
 We already have a feasible concept and an app that can receive OBDII signal and we hope to cooperate with the government of Taiwan to encourage the use of OBDII in every car. In this way, the real time data can be obtained and we can use our Cellular Automaton model with real values to really solve traffic problem in Taiwan. 
  
  
 The website version. 
 Extra endpoints and external systems can easily be accessed by plugging them in into the existing modular configuration and even more actions can be implemented to increase the added value of the add-in, e.g. reassign, creating new tasks, add attachments, add comments… 
 At another hackathon we would love to increase the power of the system and improve its range. We believe we should be able to achieve substantially greater ranges by incorporating more RF knowledge into the project - using tools such as increasing the gain in hardware.We would also like to hijack the mobile baseband in your phone to pick up these signals automatically - without the need for a Software Defined Radio (SDR) like the BladeRF. Overall, for 36 hours - we are happy!ReferenceGuri, M., Kachlon, A., Hasson, O., Kedma, G., Mirsky, Y. and Elovici, Y., 2015. GSMem: data exfiltration from air-gapped computers over GSM frequencies. In 24th USENIX Security Symposium (USENIX Security 15) (pp. 849-864).Link to Paper 
 Move index definition from the db itself (node with special label) to a better placeSupport direction of the relationship - now the relationship is indexed regardless of the direction, provide ability to define an index on outgoing/incoming directionUse new native indexes instead of explicit indexes - we considered this at the beginning, but decided against it due to the complexity of such solution. We hope Neo4j will expose more of the native indexing functionality in 4.0.Support range queries - due to the limitation of explicit indexes we didn't implement range queries, it should also support returning results in sorted order 
 Develop a smartphone app allowing users to take advantage of the iWisps service and act as a beacon.Also create a business service that integrates with iWisps and can receive signals fromthe smartphone app when in a certain proximity and is capable of sending notifications to the app. 
 We have covered major features of the Whispir API but still some of the features are need to roll out which we are planing to come up with next version. Some of the key features which we will come up in next version which is mentioned below : Message Status, Templates, Distribution Lists, Scenarios and many more .... We will like to move forward and try to make Whispir plugin for wordpress and a extension for magento :)  
 We think MiFi has the potential to be more than a hack, and to evolve into an actual product. It makes it easy for both event-organizers and visitors to respectively share and access WiFi hotspots. Also MiFi could be used in co-working spaces, schools, office etc. There's no limit to the applications of MiFi in real life!  
  
 This is a first step, a lot more ideas and requirements will flow in as teams starts using it.Integration of ALM Task with Hipchat is the next feature coming soon for ALM Task 
 We will attempt to finish integrating the Plaid payment processing system and releasing wake to the app store. 
 We are in touch with the JMeter team to include the bolt support in the main JMeter codebase. *Update 04/10: This has been merged and will be available out of the box with JMeter 5.2 *We'd also love to have feedback and contributions from the community to add even more advanced features to the bolt component, and test plans! 
 MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO. 
 We genuinely loved building MemoryEye, and we would like to see it grow in the future. Features such as live memory recognition (without requiring the user to shoot videos/photos), sharing memories with loved ones, or even integrating this tool in AR/smart glasses are extremely exciting to us.Regardless of the hackathon's outcome, we wish that MemoryEye starts a discussion on assistive technologies in the medical field, more specifically, for the research on Alzheimer's disease. We believe in the product that was delivered for this hackathon, but we believe even more in the idea it conveys, and the incredibly exciting possibilities that it introduces. 
 Create a more generic approach to DeFi recipes.Implement dollar cost averaging on the UI sideAdd GSN support to the frontendAudit smart contractsMainnet launchDexWallet integration 
  
 Convergely its planning to integrate better with the Atlassian ecosystem, we want to be able to schedule projects, messages and tasks. 
  
 We have thought of various features which can be integrated in this application in future. Some of them are:Using Google Maps and current location to detect traffic violations done by people.Suggesting the most optimal routes for the cyclists based on the current traffic situations in the city.Adding new reward mechanisms for people to make ensure they obey the traffic rules. 
 Par la suite, il faudrait un algorithme de choix d'itinéraire optimum considérant la circulation en temps réel et une gestion des lumières plus fines, afin de prendre en compte le trafic environnant.  
  
 Down the line we can automate any standard process followed by RDP login, like restarting any windows services. 
 In the future, we will develop phase 2 with 2 main approach:Pocket money In this approach, each pet will become a pocket money for kids whose parents can give money through feeding pet. Kids can use balance in their pet to buy something they want. Last but not least, by using blockchain technology, parents can track their kids’s transactions.Small investment In this approach, each pet will become an investment.So, ecopet will become a platform connecting small investors with financial funds. 
  
 Integration of messaging system using Twillio framework and Map Integration for facilities.Beacon data(As used by people across the bay area) 
  
  
 Digging the tunnels to automate the trash cleaning objective. 
  
 Advance filtering when viewing Service Desk Issues in HootsuiteThe ability to reply on social media from JIRA using the Hootsuite publishing APIs.Support for additional social networks, such as InstagramThe ability to add additional information to the ticket, such as customer sentiment. 
 We're planning on integrating ZOI into pre-existing programs such as Google Assistant, Amazon Alexa and Siri as these are softwares already loved by users from the world over. With the convenience of such virtual assistants, the data presented by ZOI will be able to reach more users and impact their lives positively. 
 Smarter pairing algorithm (Machine Learning)More social media integrationAchievements / Badges 
 Will Fing'R Mote be the starting idea of 21th century remote controls ??  
 We have many new improvements in mind for Task tracker.One idea is an Edit Task function on the Task Menu Page allows the user to add tasks, remove tasks and update tasks but an improvement for the app would be another option to edit the task by changing the name, category or expected time after the task has already been added. Another upgrade to this app would be an online account system so that each user can make an account that would save all data in the app. This would allow users to use the app on different devices. Also, we are planning to add a points system by which users gain and lose points for managing their time in an organized, efficient manner. This would motivate users to do betters and increase competition among users who would be able to share their scores through the app.Download Task Tracker from the MIT App Inventor GalleryMobile Edition: http://ai2.appinventor.mit.edu/#5958962175016960 Tablet Edition: http://ai2.appinventor.mit.edu/?galleryId=4965598663278592Check out our portfolio/manual:https://magic.piktochart.com/output/21512675-task-tracker-manual-lenovo-app-challengeRead our Final Reflection at:https://drive.google.com/file/d/0BwV18UpjNu_paVROZjNGSDlSZ1U/view?usp=sharing 
 · Sound : Purrpurino right now is mute, adding sounds to empower emotions and states would be a really nice addon. · Real Time Clock : We want to keep track of time so we can implement new functions, like knowing when Purrpurino should wake up in the morning or start going to sleep autonomously. · In-app options - We want the parents or guardians to be able to set the wake up time or the time that Purrpurino should go to sleep.· Power management : This part needs to be tested carefully as it is really important to have the less possible consumption to make Purrpurino last longer with a simple charge. We want to set Purrpurino in deep sleep mode when he is in the sleep state.  · Rechargeable battery : We need a way to charge Purrpurino easily and if possible without having to open the toy. · More states and sensors : We will need to implement more ways to interact with Purrpurino, creating more states and adding more sensors to different parts of his body. · Data, metrics and graphs : We can get some sleep patterns and get the analytics of how a kid uses Purrpurino to check data like when is the toy most used, if the kid uses it at night among other things!  
 • Scale the simple problem solution on a whole city.• Take into consideration pedestrians, cyclists, STOP signs etc.• Extend the model for Left/right/U turns• When: Weekends, rush hour etc.• Update frequency of real time scaling.• Provision for Emergency vehicles: prioritized and non-prioritized      Submitted to    SmarterRoads Hackathon - FredericksburgWinner                People's Choice              Winner                Idea Jam: Congestion                  Created by  As a team leader, I distribute tasks for each of my teammates according to their ability to maximum the efficiency. After we chosen our topic which is congestion, I simplified the problem and designed the updating algorithm to address the simplified problem. I'm also responsable for the data cleaning part. kechen LiuCame up with ideas for the proving mathematically the correctness of our congestion reduction model and simulation of the model.Akanksha NichrelayI chose the topic, participated in the algorithm design, designed and implemented the Deep Learning model and deployed it onto the Cloud. I also help to do the SimuLink demo and refined the presentation videos.Jiayang LiuCame up with the idea on how to start the problem - by minimizing it into the smallest piece possible - which served as a basis for our solution. Also contributed to proving our model mathematically and developing ideas for future opportunities and improvements.Onyi Uche 
 We plan to add offline capability to our application so that users do not need to be connected to the internet all the time to access this vital information. We are planning for our solution to be used in developing countries to train individuals who do have limited access to the internet. Another feature that we plan to implement in our application is utilizing a phone’s biosensor to detect life signals. We also want to implement an Augmented Reality feature that allows a user to scan someone who suddenly collapses and then suggest what possible immediate therapy the user can provide to that person. We also plan to expand our application to include other scenarios such as strokes and seizures, and to include more useful features that can help Save A Life!Thank you! 
  
 -Launch a simple DeFi Zap Dashboard UI.-We are starting with ETH only deposits but will soon integrate Wyre to enable deploying capital into DeFi straight from your bank account.-Automatic Investment Plans - connect your bank accounts and set up recurring deposits to chosen Zap(s).-‘Anti-Zaps’ which essentially sell your allocated investments to an asset of your choice. -Unique tokens for each Zap which end users receive to track their overall balances and overall ROI. 
 Slack integration 
 Using directional microphones to indicate the directions on an incoming vehicle to create more situational awareness. Identifying multiple speakers in the same frame and attaching their captions with the respective speaker. Identify different sources of sound by using Machine Learning to help detect major threats.  
  
  
 We believe that the app can eventually be a social plaform where people who offer their purchasing services and those who purchase the food will not just meet up and perform the transaction, but in time perhaps have their meals together and form social relationships with each other. Furthermore, the concept of having others help you purchase your items is something which can be applied to other areas, such as groceries, buying parts for your car, etc... In a country such as Singapore where majority of people live and work in high rise buildings, the IDEA is that we are able to foster an enviroment where those living and working close by are willing to lend a helping hand to others, and to build relationships with each other. 
 We will add more animations and transitions, features and layout for the best experience. And ofcourse, performance optimization. 
  
 We can make contracts for every different industry and scaling in the direction is one of our major goal. A interface for the User as the current app has views only for the regulator. The models of the ML are presently kept as a dormant implementations and are not currently integrated with the interface. We can make those models more robust and beneficial for the app. 
 Increase integration with Zalando APICreate Android applicationImprove image processing part of algorithm 
  
 More Kanyes, more people, more happiness. 
  
  
 In the future, we plan on implementing a full master-slave protocol between the web app and the microcontroller. Currently, the microcontroller is capable of sending information to Google Firebase and the web app is capable or retrieving it, however, the opposite is not possible. Having the web app alert firefighters of unstable or dangerous conditions is crucial in the safety for all parties involved, as a result, in the future we will want to implement the ability for the web app to publish to Google Firebase as well and allow the microcontroller to retrieve this data and provide feedback to the user. For example, if one helmet detects a dramatic increase in CO2 gas, a notification will be able to the sent to all helmets after the data has been parsed and sent to the web app.  
 You help us decide!There are many obvious functionality gaps -- we did the best we could in a short time. We'll try using ReleaseIQ as tool to help prioritize our service Hello Money and hope we can improve both services as we go! 
 Obviously the tool we made is not the perfect one, lot of refinement is needed. And after that if this is deployed in every ambulance and vehicle it can save many issues and situation before they even occur.  
 There's a possibility that this application can be used as a structural shell if other users want to use our source code, but prepared with different outputs. This way, a gag app can easily be transformed into an app that can automate responses based on key input terms, and as a result, the possibilities are endless. 
 One crucial feature which is partially complete but may not ship with current release is ability to map Nagios fields with Jira custom fields for better search capabilities & reporting Another important feature which is in pipeline is making it bidirectional Issue is reported in jira and once it is assigned acknowledge the nagios incident.Once Issue is resolved in Jira close the nagios incident.This will be accomplished using jira webhooks and nagios rapid response url. Have encountered some issue with response url getting populated wrong which I am working on getting addressed by Nagios team. As soon as that is done this feature will be available. 
  
 Integrating with DocuSign for JIRAImproved UX and export capabilityConfluence 6.0 supportRecipient-level status trackingImproved and expanded macros 
 The Rewards System and an online competitive mode. Collecting trash for points, competing with friends will be fun, but the whole idea of this project is that playing the game returns tangible benefits (currently just reducing litter). But in the spirit of tangible rewards and encouragement for playing this beneficent game, Project Dumpster seeks to partner with socially conscious companies that would like to provide special discounts in exchange for collecting large amounts of trash. 
 We will continue to expand what it does, in particular the range of actions that it can perform.There's also going to be major new features that will make it even more useful. Without giving away too much, we plan to add the ability to show or hide buttons depending on certain conditions, such as which list the current card is in. Also, the ability to automatically add due dates to cards based to text typed in them, and have commands that are triggered by due dates. 
 We're still working on making Thunkfluence even more personalised, surfacing relevant pages that other people have created, and increasing personal relevance of search results. Because Thunk runs in your browser, we can build an index that's best for you. 
  
 Expand the size of our black-list.Increase robustness so it parses pop-up messages as well, such as live-stream comments. 
 Rest of the MS Office application's data to be brought from Citrix into local for easy accessibility. 
 Ability to send command from microapp to display the message on LCDThreshold breach check (after a fixed interval) and self-signalling through LED and BuzzerNodeJS module to accept the signal from Rotary Angle sensorNodeJS module to drive the Stepper motor 
 More to come! 
  
  
 i will host the admin part of my app in a real server so that people can have access to its service . 
 We have a lot of more ideas that our robot may implement in the future. For example, we are thinking about widen the age range of kids to 12 years, creating an interactive "friend" to whom the boy can talk in order to distract him. We think the range 8-12 years old boys do not want to feel like 'little children', and a real-time, artificial intelligent friend may help.A smooth, fluffy and washable cover that can be used to give a feeling of sympathy, delight and affection in children.A better design of the body and structure can de done. 
  
  
 We are going to add some more scenarios to this bot. I am also going to add this bot to my ride booking site @ http://www.svdcars.comTesting Instructions:On-board bot into Glip chatStart chatting with bot.Please find sample conversation belowWant to bid for travel rideBangloreJanuary3000Want to see history ?Yes 
 We would love to develop the game further into many different levels! We think the PhoenixJourney has potential and Android/iOS are great platforms to support it. 
  
 We aim to get into the hands of as many Xero users as possible, as we are confident our app adds more value to their daily business and ensure success. The next step for Swordfish Essential is getting listed in the Xero App Marketplace. We are looking forward to taking the marketplace by storm.  
 For the future of EthOptions, we intend to extend the functionality by also introducing Put Options. We want to make the OptionTokens tradable so that one can sell their position. Also, we intend to extend the asset class our platform caters to, beyond ERC20 tokens by using the Synthetix platform. Besides the longing and shorting of Call and Put options, we intend on integrating popular Option strategies such as Covered/Married Call, Bull & Bear Call/Put Spreads, Iron Condor, etc. to benefit from all sorts of market movements. The platform will allow for a Plug-n-Play approach to easily form option strategies.For amateur traders, ETHOptions will show the possible strategies based on the market conditions that the trader can benefit from. Traders can implement trading strategies based on their trading style, goals, risk-taking capabilities, etc.  
 We are planning to incorporate more social elements into the website such as ratings, commenting, 'liking'. We aim to make Let'sCook into a community-based website. Furthermore, we wish to sell this website to supermarket chains that have home delivery services. Specifically, users will be able to directly place their orders to supermarket chains to conveniently purchases the ingredients of the particular recipe from the chosen supermarket. In other words, we hope to create a B2C platform.  
 We give to all women the amazing opportunity to feel safe in every situation in a cheap way. 
 coming soon 
 Integration of augmented reality to identify the taxi in the most dense place, and give the user a unique experienceVideo Demo link 2https://www.powtoon.com/online-presentation/e6VmNYAGpsx/taxi-go/app current stateVersion 1.0.0app build infoGenerate with android 4.0.0 and test with version 4.2.Link to the apphttp://www.doctorant.ma/TaxiGO.apk 
  
 I'd like to add more weather controls and extend it to cover most of the world or at least the whole Europe in the nearest future. With more cities/weather-days matching the criteria, it will be more challenging to present best perfect days, so there is a scope for using Spark MLlib with Spark Streaming for the data coming from users' sessions.I hope the IBM will add a capability of scheduling Spark jobs soon, so the service can become fully automated.Most up-to-date feature requests and issues can be found here: https://github.com/radek1st/my-perfect-weather/issues 
 Android version! I started publicizing this app this week right after I launched it and a ton of people have asked me to port it to Android. Also, there are countless improvements and features which I have planned such as reminders (example: Give the dog medicine tomorrow), socializing the app (Facebook sharing), and GPS tracking for walks 
 The bot can be enhanced, by adding more content to it. In the future we will investigate the use of our own logic to process dialog rather than using the story of Wit.ai.Try it out nowpregnancy@sparkbot.io 
 We’d love to share our application with the wider community to get feedback. In our design we worked to include elements of the US Web Design Standards and would like their feedback on our implementation of them. And if we’re so honored, we’d love our work to inform how the free and reduced lunch application is deployed in the future! 
  
  
 The future work would be to build a prototype of the model and go over the safety features in the case of a failure with a fine comb and to build a real-time web version of it. 
  
 Figure out a way to get all of the images from a chapterImprove the translated textAdd a GUIEdit the image directly to change the raw text to translated text 
 In the future, we will develop phase 2 with 2 main approach:Pocket moneyIn this approach, each pet will become a pocket money for kids whoseparents can give money through feeding pet. Kids can use balance in theirpet to buy something they want. Last but not least, by using blockchaintechnology, parents can track their kids’s transactions.Small investmentIn this approach, each pet will become an investment.So, ecopet willbecome a platform connecting small investors with financial funds. 
  
 We could only do so much of analysis over the weekend, so to make this the absolute Travel guide, we're hoping to implement more effective Machine Learning models to make better recommendations at higher accuracy.And who knows, the places recommended might even scare you.Domain Challengewww.IveBeenFramed.org 
  
 We wish to test it with real people that want to buy a phone and get their input on the application. Until then, upgrading the phone models, making comparing phones easier by using statistics like the point system used by AnTuTu Benchmark and color coding specifications ( green for the better one, red for the worse )   
 Use a laptop with NVIDIA graphics or a desktop PC and make it run in real time.Improve the event detection and recognition using more complex techniques to make it even more robust.Support multiple players at the same time. 
 It’s pretty polished already…I plan to add in-app payments and deploy to the App Store. :) Maybe this will make me an App Store millionaire ;) Known Bugs with current buildMixamo Unity animations + IMVU avatar leads to some odd twisted body parts - left knee etc Currently only tested with iPhone 6S etc.Check out my IMVU test feed: http://fw.to/cWI7YyLCheck out a clip of my avatar's piano recital in AR! https://youtu.be/3oN5unTKOf8  
 Millennial Money Madness has a lot of potential for future growth. We would love to create user personas for the game that could incorporate social media logins and ways to connect with your friends through the game. Making the game a competition among friends would engage players and help increase participation. Additionally, we could add information on so many more important topics related to financial well-being. We would have loved to cover topics mortgages, loans, and insurance. 
 The site is currently serving at If-Found-Lost.meteor.com, so first next thing is to serve it on a separate server for If-Found-Lost.com. Next plan is to build a userbase for the website and to talk with backpack, purse, quadcopter, etc; manufactures to sell them the service of If-Found-Lost.com at a price per IFL. 
  
  
 We are going to partner with other transportation and carpooling services such as Uber and Tripda to expand our eCar services. We believe this partnership can secure the eCar supplies without shortage. For other transportation and carpooling services, they can increase their customer base. Moreover, we will continue to work for auto-pilotted eCar system in the near future.Try it outgoforcar.wordpress.com      Submitted to    Hsuehshan Tunnel Transformer    Created by  I worked on the Problem Statement and the Efficiency Evaluation.Henry YangI worked for website and video prototype. Also finalized eCar reservation and carpooling process.Eunnie ChuAs the organizer of Taipei Women in Technology(http://www.meetup.com/TaipeiWomeninTech/), I hosted meetups to connect tech professionals. This team was formed after I published the news. All of the team members are very talented with various expertise. We started our first discussion in September. There were 4 options evaluated to make sure the current proposal is the most efficient one and can scale with the future technology. Compiling the ideas, editing content of the website and validating with members to make sure they are driven to deliver the best result under their limited capacity outside of work are my main contribution of the project. I am very honored to have worked with them for the past 2 months and excited to present the result to the world.jane shihI word on designing user storyboards , mobile app and cart appRocer ChenI worked on editing video, and help to create graphics for presenting ideas.Jill Wangi worked for the reserveCar website and simulate traffic flow animation.Rory LinI worked on the navigation program, and supporting website design.kevin huHelp to create the vedio for introducing our concept and solution. Joannie HuangI worked on the concept as well as naming and logo design. I also worked on GoforCar's official site by creating and developing own custom theme,graphics and content development based on my working experienced in branding and marketing.  Very delighted to join GoforCar team and cooperated closely with our team leader and teammates to come out with the best solution for good results. HueiChun(Karen) Hsu 
 Beyond this hackathon, we see true potential in the future of CommitCoin; we're planning to redevelop it with a scalable blockchain on WebRTC and a better mining script. But further, we think there's great promise in CommitCoin's platform. Whether rewarding upvoted Reddit posts, StackOverflow answers, or any sort of online contribution, the possible applications are limitless for our technology. 
 Expand it by teaching more custom skill sets 
 Board Sharing, QuickFilters, DetailedView for issue 
  
 We are working on an enhanced version of JIRA and with this current release we are encouraging everyone to give feedback. 
 The future of Build Meister is endless. To start off, we want to extend support to more CI tools (other than Bamboo and Jenkins), and add deployment functionalities. 
  
 We would love to use more advanced machine learning and deep learning techniques even in our improvisational pipeline, provided delay is not a limiting factor. We would love to integrate ensembles of neural network models and see how they would play together with each other, besides adding in better ML models to the pipeline. We also want to find more ways to connect this pipeline to the human element, by maybe providing more ways for the AI to help a human generate/create music. 
 A camera showing the actual view from the driver's seat would be fine, as well as playing the engine sounds – we already bought a USB sound card for this reason.Meteor packages used in the projecttwbs:bootstrapmeteorhacks:npm (for wiring-pi)dpid:user-presence  
 The next step is support two line commands and commands that require interaction, such as "sudo".  In the future, we'd like to make it possible to conduct even more complex operations over text. 
  
 More game features and a more fluid vocal user experience.  
 Implementation of OCR API to read the prompt for full automation. 
  
 Adding additional drum channels, handling of unusual time signatures, velocities, effects, a better encoding (by basing the bits of the SDR on the frequency ranges of each individual drum). Adding melodies and writing entire songs would be long-term goals. 
  
 A world builderNew units and abilitiesMore mapsEasy support for external modsMeteor package listcoffeescriptstylusaccounts-basereactive-varreactive-dictaccounts-uiaccounts-passwordmatb33:collection-hooksmomentjs:momentaldeed:collection2materialize:materialize@=0.97.0mquandalle:jadekadira:flow-routerkadira:blaze-layoutmeteorwars:standardgamefortawesome:fontawesomepathfinding A wrapper around PathFinder.jstinycolor2 Also a wrapper 
 · Minimize : The developement board is huge, installing the artik chip in the Aquareness sensor would be a better way to make the device user - friendly. · Energy : Finding a way to make the devices work without a required power source. I have been investigating about water turbines and I have found some that could fit my needs here. Using a small lithium battery to start the device and keeping it in a waiting state, and charge it using the power of water, as in a small hydroelectric plant. · Water protection : Find or create an enclosure to hold all the components in an Aquareness sensor to make it water proof.· Upgrade the app : To be able to configure and view all the options that are available in the website, like setting a threshold of a device, and so on. · Upgrade the website : To add more options, more data visualization modes, socializing the Aquareness users creating profiles and allowing them to get in touch with each other.· Gamification : Turn some of the options into a game, create leader boards and achievements.· Education : Work in the educational values of saving water.  
 A trustable corpus for language translations. 
 I plan to expand Slope Ninja coverage to other resorts across the globe, hopefully, with the help of the open-source community. 
 Our interview with a school specialist revealed that many households fail to fill out the application because of illiteracy. Ideally, there would be a visual icon that would allow participants to "listen" to and fill out the application with audio-technology (screen reader, Google Voice Typing, etc.). Applicants should be able to track their application status online (similar to a very famous online pizza tracker...). Progress bar updates could be steps like Received >> Opened >> In Review >> Status Update Successful!At the end, the application can surface nutritional recommendations based on location, income, and household size.TurboTax authentication for easier income reporting/editingForm field validation: Users can receive an error or validation every time they finish completing a form field to give a tiny sense of accomplishment at every step. It also decreases the time and effort spent on fixing errors as they appear, rather than waiting to find out what went wrong when trying to move on. Optimized form fields: In-field, top-aligned form fields can provide quick scan-ability and visual clarity, as opposed to other types of form fields. 
 By obtaining a bigger data set of pupils, we could improve the accuracy of the algorithm. 
  
 I have a significant roadmap for Limbr Reports, including:User- and group-level access control for reportsBetter support for Agile custom fields and a handful of remaining system fieldsSupport for other report data sources (e.g. worklogs, sprints, releases, projects, users)Configure advanced filters, over and above JQL filtering capabilitiesSegmentation by custom bucketsCalculated columns (e.g. display a column that sums the values from two other columns)Scheduled report delivery (e.g. email a report out on a weekly basis)Export reports to PDF, HTML, CSVData visualizations and chartsExpose reports as dashboard gadgets ... and much, much more!Thanks for reading! 
  
 Le développement de nouveaux périphériques, une meilleure application web, un serveur plus efficace, etc.. 
 We are going to continue iterating our product through user testing over the next couple of months.  We have already completed HIPAA-compliance and made significant progress on the EHR-integration front.  
  
 a messenger bot is just around the corner that we'll allow the attendees have a good experience with the event. 
  
 We hope Ayo Banyuwangi becomes the solution to the problems that exist in Banyuwangi. Ayo Banyuwangi is a new thing that can advance the people of Banyuwangi with a touch of technology in the fields of tourism, culture, art and everything that is characteristic of Banyuwangi. Ayo Banyuwangi can promote Banyuwangi so that it can improve the regional economy as well as the surrounding community. 
   Integration with other scrum tool platform apart from Rally (like version one).  Custom client with voice based command support powered by polly 
  
 We hope to talk about it on May 31 after winning the hackathon. 
 I want to implement special abilities and possibly a shooting mechanism. 
 Fix all the bugs and make it access images in the database faster. We also want some kind of sexy export method of the photos, we were thinking of trying to partner with someone like snapfish to print posters or something. 
 More voice commands and a smaller and more mobile system that can be adapted to other helmets. 
  
 TechDisrupt 2016 
 Finding a open relaying server that can do any email.Pay per email system. SaaS. Get VC funding.Hookers and crack.IPO. 
 Android Try it outi.diawi.com      Submitted to    Knurld HackathonWinner                Honorable Mention              Winner                Best In Show                   Created by  Sara DJeffrey Dinh 
 IOS Notification Support1 on 1 conversation 
  
  
  
 We do not yet use a facemesh, but it might be useful and effective for users who do not want to expose their genuine face or for faceband game to give penalties for missing beats by distorting players' face. Thus, we can update it to the next version.Additionally, if a group of players were able to select music in a library being updated by the music industry, faceband can be another entertainment platform service with messengers integrated with augmented reality.Since we didn't have much time, we only made the process till announcing the winner. But if we could develop more, we think it would be fun if the winner could apply funny filters to the losers while they face chat and make some laughter. 
  
 We are looking for industry partners to adopt the solution 
 Perfecting the clustering algorithm by taking more attributes into account Creating a cleaner UI that is easier for the nurse to navigate 
 More updates as I develop and strengthen the project with inputs. 
 We want to get customers feedback and turn them into new features. 
  
  
 Increasing environment complexity - More weapons for Generator to choose and learn, more fine-grained movement mechanics for the Chosen One to master, possible attacks made BY the Chose One.Final OutcomeThis project shows that multi-agent reinforcement learning and progressive autocurricula is useful to enable smooth training of AI in complex environments.ReferencesDDQN - Deep Reinforcement Learning with Double Q-learningChainerRL - Deep Reinforcement Learning LibraryPyGame - Python Game Library 
  
  
 Start small first, with the prototype complete, we could continue to work on the web app version of the site.Future developments for the idea:personalizing and building an itinerary, able to combine activities to form a whole day schedule (it suggests activities nearby with no clashing of travel timings and activity timings)include birthday venues (sweet 16s, 21st birthday), even hotels and food as well 
 Hopefully, after affecting personal travel, a S.T.A.T.U.S.-like system of industry/manufacturing routes will overtake the outdated rail lines connecting hubs of warehouses, processing facilities, and distribution centers. This would greatly decrease the amount of time necessary for a company to maintain and ship its products as well as enhancing its distribution capabilities.v 
 SmartLyfe aims to track the Disease Count and Type for each and every area by scrapping the data from WHO and European Health Organizations in order to warn people about the Disease Epidemics around their location. 
 Improve the algorithm which ranks the favourite songs and release mobile versions.Packages usedaccounts-baseaccounts-passwordaldeed:collection2audit-argument-checkscheckdigilord:fakerecmascriptfourseven:scssjquerykadira:blaze-layoutkadira:flow-routermeteor-basemeteorhacks:fast-rendermeteorhacks:npmmeteorhacks:ssrmeteortoys:allthingsmrt:accounts-soundcloudnpm-containerreactive-dictreactive-varservice-configurationsessionstandard-minifiersstevezhu:lodashtemplatingthemeteorchef:bertthemeteorchef:jquery-validation trackertwbs:bootstrap                   
 We've published a blogpost about the competition and the module to the Planet Drupal (an RSS feed for the Drupal community). We will be following up with another post about the demo video (also here attached). We'll do another video that is targeted at site builders.We would like to talk with the Context.IO team about community outreach programs in the Drupal communityWe want to still implement attachment handlingWe want to set up a beta invite signup page to check for interest for the prototype that we built. We believe there might be interest for it as a customisable B2B solution.Maildispenser demo implementationSelectively share emailMaildispenser is an application that helps people selectively share emails. With it you can set up filters that will automatically upload emails into an online archive space. Each archive space can be shared with a group of people of your choice. With it, you no longer need to forward your emails or give access to your mailbox. Access permissions are granular: other people only get to see the emails they need, and when they no longer need access you can revoke their permissions. Unlike the native gmail filters that will only forward when they arrive to your inbox, Maildispenser can also help you share old emails. Invoice sharingEarlier this year my assistant who helps me processing my expenses went on pregnancy leave. In the past years I had set up a large number of email filters in Gmail that forwarded invoices to her, now I not only had to redo those filters, I also had to forward a number of invoices that hadn’t been processed yet. If you work with one assistant this is a bit of a hassle, if you work with a number of different people from odesk for example, this can be enough hassle to undue whatever time savings you made using an admin in the first place. You could maybe solve the problem if you forward these mails to a separate mailbox, but then you have to keep changing your credentials for it.With Maildispenser, you can set up a space for your invoices, you can either define a catch all filter, that will upload any email that mentions the word invoice. Or you could define individual filters that only upload emails that originate from a certain address and have a specific type of title, to upload invoices from each of your vendors separately. Once the system is set up you can then give your assistant access to your invoice space. When they are finished with the job, you can revoke their permissions.Email archiveA few months ago we fell out with a customer, as a pre-seed startup they had run out of money. They threatened us with a law suit and played other tricks to try to make us do more and more work for ever shrinking amounts of money. When we didn’t give in, they deleted our sprintlogs and kicked us out of their ticketing system so that we wouldn’t have proof of the work we did for them. Luckily we had kept the notifications we got from their ticketing system. Email threads spread over a few different inboxes, however, are not all that great when you need to piece together what happened in a project.With Maildispenser you could in this case reconstruct the comments history from the ticketing system. You can set up a space and add emails from all the developers that worked on the project. With a special field that extracts the ticket number from the email title, you could add the comments in chronological order to the right ticket.Who we arePronovix is a consultancy that supports developer-focused software companies:We integrate APIs from SaaS services like Context.IO, Livefyre, Gitlab and Brightcove with open source software (primarily Drupal) to make it even easier for developers to use those services.We provide maintenance and community support for the integrations.We help promote the integration in the developer community through blogposts and community specific outreach programs that play nice with the community and that are built on top of sometimes less obvious communication channels.We build websites for these companies that integrate documentation into their marketing site. This increases their search ranking, reduces support costs and improves ROI on sales. 
 IGofer has been an existing business concept but naija hacks helped us to start something with the technical solution, our plan is to get the necessary support to achieve our aim for setting it up through go to market strategy, mentorship, business support and funding, which will help us with marketing, advertising and the other important projects needed to aid our stability as a startup.  
  
 Apple partnership is in the works. NASA partnership is going smoothly; soon the inhabitants of the ISS will be able to get more done, easier, thanks to mandatory asdfghjkl usage.InfoThe correct way to pronounce asdfghjkl is "asdfghjkl". Please don't get it wrong. Additionally, the only way to type asdfghjkl is by sliding your finger across the entire home row. Just don't hold Control, or your mouse will fly to the right! 
 We're looking to create calibration curves for more cameras and eventually package the software into an easy to use open-source API for others to implement.  Prizes We're Seeking:-Best Design-Best mobile hack-EMC Innovation Award-Coolest Hack W/ Least Storage-Best Android hack 
  
 We have submitted XLTools Suite to AppSource and waiting for it to be publishedWe will continue to migrate most successful tools from our VSTO add-in to XLTools SuiteWe would like to improve our marketing and sales in corporate sector, we hope Hack Productivity 3 and Microsoft can help us with it 
 We ask for customer feedback directly in the product in a number of places.  With our infrastructure adding more integrations is now incredibly simple and we'll be able to respond to these customer suggestions within a couple of days and build a more fully featured product that will hopefully delight customers!We also want to add more third party integrations to really open up JIRA to other systems in use out there. 
  
 We want to be able to gather actual agricultural data from FreeWave. We would like to incorporate Alexa for easy user experience such that anyone can easily access farm data. Alexa could read out trends and peak information to the user. We'd also add more Alteryx functionality to the graph and data analysis. Additionally we would like to utilize R in conjunction with Alteryx to understand the data trends thoroughly and find possible corollary data.  
  
  
 We will be submitting this project to Betwixt Festival: Art & Bytes, a digital and interactive art exhibition held at the Art Science Museum on 26, 27 and 28 February 2016. During the exhibition, we will be connecting real users through our Empathy algorithm.   
  
 It is going to get bigger, faster and smarter. :) 
  
  
  
  Cosmetic improvements, and finding the right OCR for other languages, for example: Chinese, Russian, Japanese... 
 We would like to incorporate GPS locations as well as better support for found and those unfound and aid those in rescue missions with a phone app to help them take pictures on the go.Submitting ForFamilies, friends, colleagues of individuals impacted by the disaster.First responders and backend support teams, including healthcare organizations. 
 -Extending to email appointments. -Improve distinguishing between salutations and addressee name.-Extending to other languages when checking the addressee. It currently only works for English language. 
  
  
 Potential access without internet, future availability for more volunteers and services. Also, laterally expected to involve crowed management by adding more features to the application. 
  
 We plan to introduce many languages because every language happens to be native to certain individual or community for instance Hindi to Indians, Mandarin To Chinese and numerous languages. Even Nigeria has over 512 regional languages meaning this project can still be extended beyond human expectations. Secondly, certification can be included just like we sit for CCNA, Android and other certification courses people will be able to sit for a language exam. Thirdly, a speech recognition  that automatically detect the language spoken and convert it to the desired output. Other package will be confidential for now.Team UnifyConceptNaijaHacks2018 
  
  
 The challenge is global - so the app can be useful in Russia and all around the globe as well. More jobs datasets can be added. 
  
 CubeBot now lives on a shelf and has a dim future. He hopes to run for president one day. 
 This can be provided as SaaS for the SharePoint Organisations. Taking the Power of the chatbots to the next level we can even integrate Cloud Shell with our bot making this assistant available in all other fields like VM Creation, O365 Management etc.  
 We hope to brainstorm further on how to take the Internet of Thingies to the next level and we will be trying to maybe get a working prototype out to test the market appetite for this product. We are sure it will be very much appreciated by the hacker and IoT community. 
 We intend to add more analysis functionality regarding heat patterns and symmetry of nerve and muscle functions with respect to recovery progress. We also aim to add further quantifiable metrics to assist the evaluation of the recovery process - measuring the relative distribution of heat anomalies to quantifiably measure patient recovery. 
  
 We are planning to further increase the accuracy and integrate it to various social media and online gaming platforms. 
 If the solution receives positive feedback, and it is something people want to use, I have a long list of possible improvements. To mention a few: Export of chat logsMore customization options Easier installation Host-it-yourself template  
 Our project currently stands at the very crucible of development - while we conceptualized a simple executive version of our idea, we recognize that there exist significant avenues for improvement. Firstly, we would improve run-time complexity of our major algorithms, including ML, API reading and web-scraping in order to accommodate more articles into a manageable time frame. We would also use a larger training set for our neural network to improve predictive accuracy, along with support for multiple tags for each article (such that information can belong at the very intersections of a matrix than simply categories). Lastly, higher front-end functionality could be implemented, through JavaScript (React.JS) to create a more intuitive and expressive GUI to enhance user experience.  
 Design a more beautiful user interfaceProvide more up-to-date information in the gameSpread it to the world! 
  
 We hope to win here and go to NYC!! 
 Add offers with In-App Purchase.Update user profile.Forgot Password for Email Authentication.More types of place.And More! 
  
  
  
 Implementing a series of extra model 
 Visible Light Communication, we have already started working on this technology and we really think this technology will bring a great change in this field and being computer science engineer's, interacting with the new technologies is always fun. 
 Scaling Helpies worldwide can help with social training - increasing skill development with community mentorship, helping volunteers gain experience and build portfolios in new fields. If we had more time we would focus on creating recognition and progress for volunteers with badges and feedback. And focus on ways where helping can become a PR event to help increase audience and resources for smaller nonprofits. It can integrate with Facebook features like mentorship, Groups platform (“help” / projects tab), workplace (CSR discovery), and maybe even marketplace (as an upsell from volunteer to services). 
 We hope to add different planets, moons, solar systems, and animate various orbits. Our skill can continue to grow as scientists increase their knowledge of space, allowing for fresh content to be added.iOS version coming soon! (App is ready but not published currently) 
  
 Improving functionality by incorporating additional features like severity analysis, automated appointment booking and recognizing how the disease affects different areas of the body 
 The end goal is to be acquired by Google Adwords and have ADWEAR become part of the advertising portfolio. 
  
  
 We hope to receive money for better stock and pre printed packaging. We also hope to develop our website into a hub for happiness where users can relax with fun features and a great experience.  
 Free Feet now needs funds in order to be able to reach its full potential. This involves raising finance in order to cover the day to day running costs of the business in the immediate future, as well as funds to cover the cost of a clinical trial and product R&D. 
 Our next step is to first optimize our GPU and  current machine learning algorithm to make it more powerful. For product, we plan to build a community where users can create their own filters and share their creation with others.  
  
  
 Scaling! Also, numerous niche features to help people participate, such as upvoting comments in realtime, a user interface for signing up for data reports, and icons that don't fold behind one another on the map. 
 We have lots of ideas and will be looking forward to feedback and feature requests to decide on the further development.Try it outmarketplace.atlassian.com      Submitted to    Atlassian Codegeist: Add-on Hackathon    Created by  Katerina KolinaAndrey KhaneevAlexander KuznetsovMaxim Kuzmich [StiltSoft] 
  
 -Building the hardware that connects to the cash registers and has the NFC option, for the users-Getting advisors that will help us create a clearer path-Using blockchain to enable advanced features in the app 
 The add-in store! Here we come. I'd also like to enhance the experience a little further by making use of EWS. Overview videoHow to install the add-inThese instructions are for Office 365 users. Adjust the URL for your OWA if you are not a subscriber.Steps to install Copy this URL - https://outlook.getlineone.com/manifest.xml Login to your Outlook Web Access - https://outlook.office.com/owa Once logged in you can click on the settings buttonClick Mail under Your app settingsIn the left pane click on General -> Manage Add-ins You can get there directly - https://outlook.office.com/owa/?path=/options/manageapps Click on the + -> Select Add from a URL Paste the URL from step 1 and click Next Click Install Click OK How to create an accountTo create an account you can visit our site directly or click on the LineOne button in OWA/Outlook.Let's start by logging into OWAOpen up your calendar and click New Event Click the LineOne icon . This will open up a side pane.Click on Create Account to sign up.Once completed go back to OWA and click the I've created my account. LineOne Icon Sign Up Flow Screencast on creating an account How to schedule a callScheduling a call is really easy. Open up the appointment you want to schedule Click on the LineOne icon. Verify the number and pin that we found. Adjust if needed.Click Schedule and you are done.Enjoy! ☎️️Thanks for taking the time to read this post. I hope you enjoy the service. If you have any questions please visit our FAQ  page or email me at hi@getLineOne.com 
 Using a custom phone launcher, we hope to be able to add a "stealth call" feature that calls the police based off of a button click combination (ex.- power button clicked and then volume-up button clicked four times) so the service can be used without the use of a screen and while still in a person's pocket. This might be useful to those in situations where they need to call the police but cannot due to a person watching them such as during a mugging or a physically abusive relationship. 
 Fix licensing and make it public on the Marketplace.Fix whatever bugs I overlooked in my 2AM coding. ;)Listen to user feedback and improve the add-on to meet their needs.   
 Security, Traffic encryption, Horizontal scalability through automated server provisioning, Redesign to further enhance UI/UX, Full-integration of MMS. 
  
 We want to improve upon the wallet.ethereum.org UI by updating our fork of it to the latest web3, doing user studies, and figuring out how to make the UI more friendly for newbies. We also would like to build in wallet support for other cryptocurrencies, starting with Zcash. We also need to build in localization for non-English speaking users. 
  
 1.)Introduction of Video and Audio Calls2.)Digital Whiteboard Sessions(For Live Conferencing)3.)Message Propagation Via SMS if the recipient is Offline4.)Porting the app to Android & IOS and Creation of an extension to Google Chrome and Mozilla Browser...5.) Many More.......      Submitted to    Make School's Student App Competition 2017Winner                10 Upvote Prize                  Created by  Fredrick EsedoCrazy Programmer on Linux, Solaris, React, Java, Php, coldfusion, NodeJs, Socket.Io, AngularJs, Mysql and Oracle Database AdminEsedo Justina NgoziStudent and an Idea solver 
  
 Adding multi-colored LED's that show live progress of transmission, and setting up a web UI that also shows transactions. 
 Push notifications to alert you when a message is getting close to it's timeout. Fixing the login animation on iOS.Full Package Listmeteor-basemobile-experiencemongoblaze-html-templatessessionjquerytracker standard-minifierses5-shim ecmascriptunderscoreaccounts-baseaccounts-passwordaccounts-twitterservice-configurationoauth1checklaunch-screenemaillessreactive-varkadira:flow-routerkadira:blaze-layoutmeteorhacks:subs-managermeteorhacks:kadira-profilermeteorhacks:kadirameteorhacks:npmfortawesome:fontawesomeentypomomentjs:momentnatestrauser:animate-csspercolate:velocityjspercolate:momentumsimple:reactive-methodtwbs:bootstrapnatestrauser:select2natestrauser:x-editable-bootstrapmizzao:bootboxjscmather:handlebars-servernpm-container 
 What do you mean? It's a hackathon project. 
  
  
 Tangentia Automation and Tangentia EDI consultants are looking at beta customers for the UIPath EDI Connector and will be looking at expanding the scope of the connector from the existing Accounts Payable (AP) process to cover the entire gamut of Order to Cash and Procure to Pay processes within the enterprise. With Tangentia's deep experience in EDI and B2B, we should be able to lend a lot of value to UIPath implementations especially in Retail, CPG, Government and BFSI. 
  
 --Bản Tiếng Việt--Elision là một dịch vụ tư vấn tâm lý học đường dành cho phụ huynh, giúp họ hiểu được con mình và những cảm xúc, suy nghĩ của con để có thể đưa ra quyết định đúng đắn giúp con trưởng thành.Bạn là phụ huynh có con trong độ tuổi đi học? Con bạn đang trong "tuổi nổi loạn" và có những hành vi kì lạ, khó nắm bắt?Bạn cảm giác bất lực, hoàn toàn không hiểu được con mình? Bạn muốn đem tới cho chúng những điều tốt đẹp nhất, nhưng không biết sẽ phải làm điều đó như thế nào?Chúng tôi, đội ngũ phát triển Elision, đã nghĩ đến điều đó và quyết định tạo ra một sản phẩm giúp bạn xóa tan đi rào cản giữa cha mẹ và con cái, để gia đình có thể thấu hiểu nhau hơn.Elision là một ứng dụng web với nhiều chức năng cho phép bạn tìm hiểu về biểu hiện của con mình và biết được con mình đang nghĩ gì, đang cảm thấy như thế nào. Điều này giúp đỡ rất nhiều trong việc đưa cha mẹ thực sự trở thành những người có thể ở cạnh con, có được niềm tin của con và chia sẻ với nhau khi cần. Đặc biệt, nhờ sự theo dõi này, chúng ta có thể dự đoán trước được diễn biến xấu trong tâm lý của con để có hành động kịp thời. Phụ huynh có thể liên hệ với bác sĩ tin cậy để nhận lời khuyên và các bước tiếp cận đúng cách.Tất cả những dịch vụ trên sẽ được tích hợp dưới dạng nói chuyện cùng chatbot, vô cùng đơn giản và dễ sử dụng.Ngoài phiên bản web hiện tại, chúng tôi dự định sẽ tiếp tục phát triển thêm ứng dụng trong nền tảng di động. Đội ngũ phát triển Elision đang làm việc chăm chỉ để có thể đem tới ứng dụng di động cho người dùng Android và iOS trong tương lai gần.  
 To work on more innovative solutions for offering the best lending and borrowing experience for usersTo complete the beta version of fyber to go live. 
 Oblivion. 
  
  
  
 The example I gave about California's water use for cotton compared to Texas is not as easy to find as I'd like.  In the next update to this project I will build in features to allow users to easily compare crops between states. 
  
 Polldentify is simply a proof of concept on what could happen on a global scale. Tracing pollutants and sourcing its origin, it allows environmentalists, academia and the government to make better public decisions and policies, and citizens could increase awareness to pollution around them. 
 The goal location of this product would be for widespread municipal use. Attached to pipes that supply water, the lead water detectors would give a regular update on the lead levels in the water and warn citizens and government officials when the lead amount goes above the healthy amount (15 ppb). Currently, we will start with purchasable, single home detector. We want to expand it to municipal use.Future improvements are making it cheaper and smaller (possibly a ring shape to fit around the faucet). It could also be tweaked to detect other types of contaminants in the water than just lead, and be accessed from phones and receive alerts if lead amount over healthy. We want to actually test with electrodes and lead solution.ImpactNYC school water supply has not been tested in 10 years. There are problems being reported in Newark schools with drinking water. With this new innovation in water monitoring, there is regular testing (can set it to every hour, every day, etc.). There is transparency, because the information will be on the internet and be public domain; government and public will know everything. People can check for public health and safety.The water crisis of Flint Michigan could have been prevented by consistent check of lead concentration in the water supply. Hopefully, this will revolutionize water infrastructure and ensure public health. 
 Implementing the database required then making it global. 
 I am trying to make this app to send a message(location) to a server and after few seconds server send a message(like simple message delivery report) to the mobile -> if the mobile does not respond it should immediately inform medical dept.,police dept. and the mobile owner's family members 
     Keeping Driving safety as major concern “Indore Traffic Friend” is coming up with some new features like        Detect real time distance from another moving vehicles in front of you         Detect driving lane and buzz you when you are going out of your lane.        Penalty against any rule break is directly notified through “Indore Traffic Friend”         You can view and pay the fine directly from “Indore Traffic Friend” 
  
 Right now I’m working on an iOS and android app using react native. My next goal is to release those two to the public so you can plan an experience on the go, write a blog post, or cash out and also download all the experiences that you already have planned.  I want to bring youme to the world! 
  
  
  
  
  
 With some more modification like adding solar panels to power the system. Right now, the system works on 12V DC batteries.   
 More animal sounds to be supported and adaptions for other animal skills, such as 'Name that Bird'.Other WorkA portfolio of my work can be accessed here: https://alexa.sandr-photography.com 
 Enhancing the ML modelImproving the data visualisationInterfacing with other data sourcesDemo Login CredentialsRaydar Landing SiteUsername: applePassword: pineappleOnce in the dashboard, click on the 'Filter' button to adjust your preference (e.g. product name, threshold, email)You may receive an email with a list of risks that have exceeded the threshold set (e.g. 50%) 
 We plan on gathering customer feedback internally as well as externally and want expand the functionality from there. 
 Making the program into a mobile app for convenience, as well as reformatting the UI. We would also make a profile system that would allow users to log into an account that would keep track of their overall statistics between tournaments. Another thing we would add is a way for the app to automatically submit your results to the administrator of the competition, greatly decreasing the time it would take to get back your overall placement. 
 Automated Selling,Real-time Chart,Website design 
  
  
 Will see if the idea is actually worth the shot by the judges, if it is, will try to find partners to move forward , or investors who can help in making the app a success, maybe even start a company.  Since I created it as a web app I am confident that if this would be a cellphone app it would hit the markets like a wildfire.CommentsDid not have time to put it on a server, but please do come to check it out! Fintech Track! 
  
  
 Allow connections via telnet. Implement as a vim plugin. Rewrite the server in Julia. 
  
 SympMD will be publish on Google Play Store and App Store in the next few months after all the stabilization has been made for its MVP version. SympMD is currently on a alpha phase, any suggestions and comments from the Devpost community and medical community will be appropriated. 
  
 We are going to put ads and become millionaires 
 To conceptualize the product. 
  
 Well! with the bond we developed over the weekend we all realized we make an amazing team. Not due to skill but to how well we were able to communicate with each other. We decided to continue to work on Mobievent after the hackathon and are insanely excited to keep moving. We are in the process in filing for a trademark as i type this for a term we would like to use that really captures what we want to do and why we want to do it! The synergy we had as a group is what makes us a great team. 
  
  
 Sharpen our prototype and include more storylines for different treatment plans.Doing user studies in order to get feedback from our small patients. 
 If I see the app being used by people, i'll add more features to make the app's document viewer more customised and and even more refined and especially providing customisation to read the code syntax of various languages like java,c, etc.  
  
  
  
 More fun experiences will be added with funny sounds, and variant voices to keep the children engaged and entertaining. 
 We plan to submit to the app store, fingers crossed it'll be approved within the week.We also have a plan to monetize the app, modeled heavily after Snapchat's Model. By default, all graffiti will only be shared with your friends (which can be manually added through the app). However, companies can sponsor in app landmarks to appear in certain locations, where we can thus charge them based on time. They can import any sort of 3D STL file to give them more options.Additionally, any user using the app can share their graffiti with the whole world (for that location) for the following prices$0.99 -> Public, Accessible for a Week$1.99 -> Public, Accessible for a Month$9.99 -> Public, Accessible for a YearWe're excited by this product, and are interested to see where it goes! 
 Seeing as how we created this in under 36 hours, there are a couple more features could possibly benefit the application: allow users to save their results to a unique account and implement dynamic emotion analysis that would give unique explanations for each user.  
 To extend this to other possible messenger applications in order to create a modular communication framework. 
  
 This is just the 1.0 release, our work has just begun.  Ultimately what we build next will be driven by user feedback.  So let us know what you like/dislike about Comala Approvals and help make the next lot of features even better. 
  
 The DreamForce roadmap includes an integration with Corsera, transacting professional audit services with cryptocurrency, and a hybrid mobile app that allows project managers to utilise Dreamforce on-the-go. 
  
 Future Goals:1) The app becomes the official virtual recruiter for McGill!2) Work on the front-end to make the app more user-friendly and add some animations (these take a lot of time)3) Become the personal assistant for students for other universities too!4) Meggie get an undergrad degree in communication!Our Emails:andree_kaba93@hotmail.comjiapeng.wu@mail.mcgill.caparth.khanna@mail.mcgill.cait-elias@hotmail.com 
 We will continuously improve the plugin generator until it fully supports features provided by Atlassian Connect framework. 
  
  
  
 With the helps of beacons, the bot can be extended to show localised offers and discounts from the nearby shops, restaurants etc.. 
 the technology behind ProBot is extremely robust, scaleable, and applicable towards many real world applications. For example, the MySQL database part could be used the store users data, the machine learning algorithm could be used to teach computers how to complete tasks with patterns own their own, and the Java automation program could help users with mundane tasks across their computing environment. The main vision for this technology is to be able to have computers interact with web elements and be able to learn from their experiences. 
 Connecting the UI from the front end to the backend. We hope that many users who like learning instruments at a very low cost would use our project on a daily basis! 
 If we win hopefully someone will invest! Can be used by companies for automatic accommodations for people having interviews. But only by individuals how just want to find the best apartment for their own style! 
 FireNode can now be expanded in countless ways. As our database grows, we can incorporate machine learning for predictive technologies. FireNode aggregates a lot of data about population density and traffic on a room by room resolution, which could be useful to both students and the school. Students who are looking for a place to study or an uncrowded room to work in would easily be able to see in real time which rooms would be the best to work at any given time. Schools on the other hand could use the data over a period of time to gauge and better understand what areas of buildings are used the most, have the highest traffic, and what areas of the building may need more Wifi access points. What is really exciting is that FireNode can be applied anywhere with a large network infrastructure, like corporate campuses, malls, or high traffic areas.  
  
 That's up to the world at large. Like most blockchain applications, this requires broad support at least in certain locations to offer real utility 
 Continue to improve location selection for users.  Publish to app stores.Packages Usedmeteor-base             # Packages every Meteor app needs to havemobile-experience       # Packages for a great mobile UXmongo                   # The database Meteor supports right nowblaze-html-templates    # Compile .html files into Meteor Blaze viewssession                 # Client-side reactive dictionary for your appjquery                  # Helpful client-side librarytracker                 # Meteor's client-side reactive programming librarystandard-minifiers      # JS/CSS minifiers run for production modees5-shim                # ECMAScript 5 compatibility for older browsers.ecmascript              # Enable ECMAScript2015+ syntax in app codereactccan:cssresetreactrouter:react-routeraccounts-passwordmarkoshust:radiummomentjs:momentpoetic:moment-timezoneoutatime:geolibmdg:geolocationaldeed:geocoderground:db 
  
  
 We are working on including park and ride places to our system, whenever available, which will allow our app to suggest our users to drive to them, park their cars in there, and then travel to the city center on public transportation, therefore reducing urban traffic congestions.Our app is also capable of delivering results in real-time: Up-to-the minute information on predicted departure/arrival times, GPS locations and service alerts for public transport. We plan to incorporate this feature for Mexico City as soon as a valid source of information becomes available.  
  
  
  
  
 add integration with VAACs servicesadd integration with Labour Unions websites and groups in order to get information about strikesfor every event offer a solution and calculate it cost  
  
  
 We are looking beyond just the demo. This solution will be completed, Investors sorted for, go live, create employment opportunities for some Nigerians and earn some cool cash. 
  
  
 Adding more functionality, more types of emergencies, and more ways for the user to interact with the airport. 
  
  
 I want to do two main things:One is to further develop the game to make it more fun and interested to write AI for. One thing I'd love to add is the ability to release "minions", so you're no longer able to play very effectively as a single human. Then you can feel/see the power of programming. Perhaps a way to store and share code snippets that do various kinds of behaviors.The other is to clean up and publish the live coding server as a standalone, to encourage more people to experiment with this idea, because I very much believe in learning by doing, I think by making it easy to implement this we could improve learning materials and show more people how fulfilling and exciting writing code really is!Source: https://github.com/OmarShehata/Airena 
  
 We have a backlog of features to incorporate into the cloud version to bring it inline with the server based product. Expect rapid improvements over the coming months as features get added as soon as they are ready to ship.  
 Improvements to complexity and improving the data used. Applying a neural net would be awesome and we believe that we could learn a lot from that. 
 The next step will be to improve the Artificial Intelligence of Lexus by implementing deep learning. As a result, Lexus will learn about the habits of its user and will act in a proactive way, it will automatically activate the devices in by itself without human intervention.In the near future I will be able to manage a robot with facial recognition and protection functions with OpenCV via Kinetic ROS OS which is a robot operating system to identify Lexus users by a real mobile robot. 
 Exit Beta and add more customisation options, such as automatically creating a ticket when a call is answered. 
 Code coverage tool: If the profiler is run on unit tests, it effectively becomes a code-coverage tool. If there is gas consumed on a line of code, then it is covered by the tests.Support cross-contract calls.Statistics on conditional branches.Profiler guided optimization in Solidity. 
 Partnering up with non-profit organisations to launch a trial program. 
  
 We will continue to work on the project to expand and improve upon it. The current project will serve as a strong foundation. Going forward, we would like to support different type of devices, as well as to provide access control on the dashboard to support employees of different levels. We are already doing research on how we can use Machine Learning to predict the unsafe work conditions before they become severe. 
 I want to integrate the BOT framework into Chitthi later. 
 Computer Vision System Better recognition of photos containing multiple items of different categoriesMore accurate and systematic labeling of new itemsData log-in/Request methods  Use speech recognition to log in data, complementary to Computer Vision  A smarter twilio assistant capable of natural language processingData Utilization Features Automatically refill necessity through Google Express 
 Next up on the list:  Option to use multiple speakers(Not confirmed yet, need research).  Support to automatically add Moderators and VIPs from chat.  Setting default color options for text on a per-streamer basis.  Color, Font and Placement options for text on a per-viewer basis. 
  
  
  
  
  
 Computer aided analysis to determine the center of gravity and design future iterations to balance properly. Tighter part tolerances would also aid in this. 3D printing and laser cutting would be integral in this process. Moving the sensor package off of a breadboard would clean up our data. It would be good to find a way to store the data, as currently it is displayed and then overwritten. Eventually, the Pipe Crawler should be able to climb on pipes, avoid obstacles and sense holes and cracks by sending data over WiFi to the web/phone application. 
 Get it fully attached to a bike! 
 We have big plans in improving security, providing more metrics, cost optimization tips and smart analytics of your AWS usage!CreditsSpecial thanks to my wife for helping with logos and building UI! 
 There is a lot cooking, so going forward we intend to make sure we continue the development of this tool by listening to our community feedback since we believe that user-centered design is the best way to explore the future of eye tracking in streaming.Based on that we are looking forward to working together with Twitch in order to fix time sync. Right now that is a process that needs to be done manually for every streamer. We believe that the outcome of this will be a big revolution since we will be able to provide the social aspect of eye tracking allowing viewers to make clips including Tobii Ghost.We are also looking forward to extending our experience to more devices, with mobile as a big target.Lastly to be able to give streamers way more control and data over how their viewers interact with the extension, so they can see what decisions boost engagement.Try it outgaming.tobii.com      Submitted to    Twitch AWS Extensions Challenge    Created by  Back-end DeveloperMohammad MousaviContent strategy, promo. Ignacio della MaggioraEye Tracking Enthusiast - Working for Tobii Eye Tracking. Software architecture, client application, webgl renderingAlexey BezuglyDesign & UXJuha_S 
 Right now this app is at a very early stage in development. The minimum viable product has been implemented and everything works. However, in the future I am aiming to reach out to medical research universities and societies and see if I can obtain access to databases of wounds. Then I will feed all images through the image recognition model and this app will be more powerful and more helpful to people in developing countries! 
 In the future, Butlr could have another version that would accept tasks from other people. For example, instead of you adding your own tasks, your boss could assign you meeting times and other tasks that would automatically be added to your task lists. In addition, if you are a high schooler like us, your parents could assign you chores to do around the house easily through the app, so you dont "forget" when you get home, along with teachers assigning homework and more. In addition, similar to trello, Butlr could have group tasks where a group of people, such as students working on a project or people working on a work related project.The possibilities with other people being able to assign you tasks is endless, and would result in a time management app like no other, especially with the help of Neura's contextual SDK. 
 We need to further extend the code to handle other non-fungible tokens and add some metadata to the tokens so that we can track some extra information.  The way it is currently built already supports any ERC721 token, we just didn't have the time to build the UI for it.  
  
  
  
 PocDoc in its current state is generalized to patients recovering from any medical condition. In the future, the app can be designed to specifically address the unique necessities for a specific disease. This will be especially useful for patients that suffer from more than one condition. 
 There are a lot of features I want to prototype and build for the extension.A couple ideas I like to prototype for broadcaster:Downloadable transcripts of their CC sessionEnable text translation for another language, ie. Korean language streamer enables translating text from Korean to English. A viewer will then be able to toggle betweenBroadcaster can customize the font used for the closed captioning textWhen a broadcaster says the name of an emote its could display the emote on screen or replace the text with the emoteVoice activated overlay eventsIdeas for the viewer experience side of the extension:Bit enabled actions/events with the textPay bits to cause the spoken text to rain down from the top of the screen and pile up for a period of timeStill thinking about other ideas that users can trigger with bits but not at the cost of ruining the closed captioning experience for others. 
  
  
 I think we will finish up some of the ui components to the game is fully playable, and so that we can test it amongst our bizdev friends. 
  
 Machine learning; intelligently process message dataActivity heatmapNatural language recognitionMultlingual support 
 We would like to make communication to be more practical and accessible  
  
 Shout out to all open source enthusiasts for tweaking and contributing. Going to open source it. 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 Future versions are to be more compact in a sophisticated style, to double as an extended accessory. Audio buzzer is to be replaced with clear audio instructions so to avoid the annoyance of the buzzer. The current GPS system will be log accurately for the sensors, location and obstacles. We hope to integrate AI, so that it can pick up cues from and make connections to understand general user behavior.  
  
 Automated Content ModerationAs of now, there has to be one person controlling each central hub. Going forward, we can even eliminate this person's role to certain limit by adding automated content moderation using machine learning algorithms. Training of the model can be done by observing the patterns and user actions taken by this person when using in manual mode of moderation.2-way content sharingWe can later enable 2-way sharing of files in which users can even upload files which they want to be accessible on the interweb (this content will be suitably moderated, of course!). 
 We are constantly acquiring and searching for more housing data. So far in 2017, we've developed and launched our skill on Google Home, reached eight housing markets, spearheaded the addition of voice search to the rules put forward by the National Association of Realtors, and grew our Voiceter team with more great minds. We have primed ourselves for finishing 2017 strong with more housing markets, improvements to the skill, and growth for our company.   
 It needs to be developed further and connected to real data from the Khan Academy translations database. 
 Probably burning it. 
 Full-featured AI travel assistant that helps you to make exciting personalized trips. 
 We are thinking about developing the Ant Text in other Microsoft programs soon.Furthermore we are looking into integrations to thirdparty's that could use our template management. 
 Tight integration with Add Screenshot screen in JIRA which will result in possibility to edit the just-pasted screenshot, which is not yet an issue attachment. 
  
 New Leaderboard to compete against your friends and more Ships so you can customize your game.I really hope you enjoy it :)I have definitely had fun giving programming a go and I encourage others to do the sameYouTube: https://youtu.be/JRl0Hm4VaioHave a nice day! 
 (update) version for JIRA Server has been already shipped 
 Custom Email Templates 
 The sky is the limit. Chat Heroes will implement many new features and must continue to deploy new character and interaction content on a continuous and rapid schedule to keep engaging users. More characters; more interactions; character customization; replaying interactions (in case you miss them); data analytics to understand the users and what they would like to see from the Extension; continual improvement of the infrastructure through more in-depth understanding of the Twitch and the AWS infrastructures. 
  
  
  
 The big item on my list is the ability to change the 3D environments to things like a winter wonderland or desert scene.  Ideally this would be done with a menu system that uses the TouchWrapper Component.Demo VideoWatch it here 
  
  
 We got very lucky ourself by finding like minded partners for this hackathon :-) We would see if we can continue working on this afterwards.  
  
 We're strongly committed to publishing this new version of BulldozAIR with the FLIR module. There is a real market here, many of our current customers are interested in the BulldozAIR + FLIR combo. Our landing page is up, ready to get orders... all it needs is the FLIR team approval and their logo! 
  
 More robust version. 
  
 We will make this into a real product. 
 Refactoring! And lots of it! App in it's current state is very much a fragile prototype, so we need to improve it's code quality. Changing the app engine from Ionic to something like Xamarin.Forms (more native yet still cross-platform) will improve the performance and may give us a chance to use the some on-device Face recognition techniques.Adding more contact sources will always remain needed (especially right now, when we only have a single email) - integration with all the social networks like Facebook, Twitter, Google+ (for personal contacts) and LinkedIn (for work contacts) is crucial.What if you already have a collection of Business Cards? We could use Artificial Intelligence to smartly recognise your collection of paper Business Cards and automatically create an electronic entry with all the details (Name, Email, Age etc.)Limiting ourselves to Business Cards for people is quite boring! We could use the renowned iBeacon technology to implement Business Cards for Places. Why not add your favourite food place while you're there to keep track of latest updates and deals? :) 
 Pricing and add-in submission to the Microsoft Store. 
  
  
  
 Allow users the ability to add their own games to the platform, such that other may play them!Iteratively improve UI & UX. 
 Improving securityGetting production readyFind early adopters (technology companies) 
 I will be adding more shapes, add option to choose node's colors, and options to change styling of content ( like bold, italics etc.) 
  
  
  
  
 Build a DAO (Decentralized Autonomous Organization) which manages the acceptance of new handlers and the maintenance and improvement of the system and its related structures. 
  
  We plan to extend weather updates to alerts such as Firewatch, Tornadoes etc.  Extend the application to work with other home appliances , for example coffee makers and geysers with alarms, fitness bands with Refrigerators etc. We will integrate these appliances to monitor their energy consumption and optimize energy usage and reduce electricity bills. 
 The next step is to implement a video feed on a camera of our own (e.g. with a RaspPi) to reduce the cost and increase the flexibility.  
  
  
 We believe Safe Travels has a lot of potential to become a platform that people use every day to be aware of their surroundings and make safe decisions. Universities can use Safe Travels to analyze where to put the security officers. Students can use it to determine which streets to avoid at certain times. Home buyers can use it to determine which areas to avoid. Commuters can use it to know whether to park a car in a certain area or not. The possibilities are endless.  
 Develop further features and enrich the content of other anatomiesImprove clearer and cleaner user interface-Integrate AI system to VR website--Allow users to upload their sccans/input for viewing, segmenting and measuring. 
  
 having too much lessons grow our communitty give all the world the opportunity to learn 
 Integrating additional functions to improve user experience (ex. widgets showing content relevant to the user). 
 The PureWater 16 machine is going into production in early fall. We will be distributing our PureWater 16 via multiple channels to California's residents, small businesses, and light agricultural/industrial users.  
 The app needs to go deep into users , maybe also tweak the points algorithm to better rank users . Get feedback from users and turn the app into a market ready app with improved UI/UX , performance and options . An admin panel online for officials to view exact locations and detailed info of the problem is also in the pipeline 
 • Requestors will be allowed to post their requests for used items.• Drivers will be employed by the organizations to pick up and deliver the used goods from the donor location to requestor location• Status notifications and updates 
 Pitching a prototype to someone affiliated with Nike or the U of O, as this idea would have to go through them for copyright reasons.  
 We would really love to teach the machine to generate different genres of music. Especcialy "arcade" songs like the old Atari, nintendo and other machines used to have. This way game developers wouldn't have to worry about their game's music anymore! Free for everyone! 
 We could make our map based searching feature more user-friendly with even more filters. We could also conduct surveys/interviews to understand the user’s needs more so as to best adapt our features to their needs. We could also look for partners who are willing to work with us in providing a comprehensive experience for users through hosting events or lending event space 
 There is plenty of work left. We want to make it easier for people to purchase at Zalando using our service. We would also like to create efficient algorithms for the recommendation system, as it is a core revenue-creating functionality of the product. We also want to improve the ease at which we poach users from existing social platforms. Not to mention, to develop the business model on which the product is built. Intrigued? Come talk to us! 
 Expanding it to control not just our home but the things around us in the city. 
 Build native mobile apps to provide seamless experience to users if they don't want to use the webapp. 
 More themes and an easier on-boarding experience for Space Administrators. 
  
  
 Use Machine learning model for a events recommendation systemBuild a email filter API to export events automatically from email to our systemUse Twitter Keywords, like Hashtag to know what the trending events 
  
 We are in process of building it more effectively and easy for operation. 
 Fix up the AR to work with the actual map to get Knuckles as an actual floating avatar through the use of animations and a more distinctive UI. Implementing blockchain in the near very far future and having our ICO in Q2 2018. 
  
 Will launch as a Add-On in marketplace to help atlassian users discover their data in a cool way. 
  transfer photos and albums into inter-schedules in whenhubimage searching using machine learningimage processing more user friendly interface (collage, animation etc)more socialize 
 Access to more actions even for normal users inside Confluence like move a page, jump to a special space administration, move a certain page to another space and reorder the pages without being on the page itself, etc.. 
 It would be great if work could be continued on this project or a variation of it in the future. We think it could offer a lot of utility to everyone if it was more polished. 
 Enhance the functionality in the add-in 
  
 We'll integrate more languages and fix a few bugs - add optical character recognition, improve the clickability of bounding polygons in the challenges, add a few animations and gamified experiences, and social features - challenge your friends to finding items! 
 Pending publication on the Google Play store and plans to release on the iOS app store. 
 We can add a feature to merge screenshots wherein we can view or validate details side by sideIt must take the excel range, sheets , no of images as an input and then place them into a single image  
 I want to figure out how to add CORS headers to the responses from the API Gateway so that developers on Devpost can integrate this data into third party sites such as their portfolio by doing something as simple as:$.post("https://iii3mdppm7.execute-api.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/prod/UserPortfolioEndpoint", {screen_name: "MGerrior"}, function(data) {  // Add your projects to the DOM});If you try that right now the request will fail for security purposes since the Access-Control-Allow-Origin header is not set in the response.Also, it wouldn't hurt for this to have more endpoints, or to just build an actual API for Devpost. 
  
  
  
 About half of the Summer Jam hackathons are live right now, with four more on deck (Maps as Art, Internet of Things, Your First API, and The Bionic Hacker). We're also hosting happy hours at WeWork Labs in New York (6/30) and San Francisco (7/9) in the next couple weeks. We really hope you'll join us and jam all summer! 
 BACKPACK will have additional features like e-wallet.whats in the future for BackPackFor scalability purpose , we will be using AWS technology.  
  
 The current image speed is set to 0.5 seconds, we hope to update the setting and enable users to set the different speed according to their ability with fingerspelling in ASL.The current UI is only compatible with iPhone XR. We hope to improve the UI and adapt it to all the currently available devices.We believe that daily practice is important than Setting daily goals for the user based on their quiz results. We want to include motivations for users to do so. To do so, we may add sections such as daily challenges, rankings, and archives. We believe it is also of great importance for users to use the actual signs in ASL in addition to identifying longer phase and sentence. Therefore, we hope to use a large number of videos to train models to recognize fingers' and palms' movements by users. In this way, we are able to test whether users can use the actual signs in ASL corresponding to the phrases or even sentences.We want to help connect and enlarge the Deaf Community as well as spreading its culture. We hope to build an online cloud community within WiSign so that ASL users and learners across the world can get in touch with each other better. 
  
  
 Classifying more items as recyclable and non-recyclable, which would only take about 50 images of a sample item making it a very efficient process. We would also like to fabricate our own trashcan rather than recycling pizza boxes — as good as it is for the planet, it doesn't look too appealing.Domain Registeredtrashybutsmart.compennypinchingbins.com 
 Refine the UI, get the kinks out of the Android app, and finish the iOS app. 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 Ford's OpenXC platform: This tool will have more reliable data for:The development of a route from the geolocationThe distance traveled by the taxi (for calculating the price of the race).For that, an apache cordova plugin for android and ios must be created.Rate calculation tool for assessing know the price of a race.Voice assistant for taxis to facilitate the application use.And everything in real time (we use real time databases). So users don't waste time. 
  
  
 We hope we will have time to at least make parts of our work available to the community in the form of smart packages. Of course a lot of things require polishing.Also it would be great if we can implement some features we didn't have time for:more options for tracks customization, e.g. volume, sound effectsallow different MIDI instruments, possibly uploaded by the usersrendering the end result into an easy-to-use formatdisplay MIDI track in a form of notesshare links to a read-only version of your compositionsimprove collaborative experience, e.g. discussion, locking tracks 
  
 A lot of value can be delivered by ATAD in a short-term future, such as:Give the possibility to a person who is about to buy a ticket to select a flight not only based on costs and benefits but also for the possibility of having a fault, making the travel experience better.Find which airports have more anomalies than others, in order to provide this information for later use by airlines or passagers.Report on the number of anomalies by flight to assess their personal onboard.Add weather information to understand it impact and to help plan situations where airports are closed to prevent early collapse secondary airport facilities like hotels.Analyze routes and airports can enable airlines to enhance their routes management in order to reduce costs generated by anomalies.We believe this information is useful for all the stakeholders, but primarily for the passenger, who will receive a better travel experience.https://github.com/antidata/ATADhttps://github.com/antidata/htm-mocluhttps://github.com/numenta/htm.java 
 The actual fine-tuned motion detection to go alongside the game.TeamPhone Thant Ko - 0595Divya Khemlani - 0350 
 ImagineCup 
  
 We plan to proceed with the project after the hackathon and incorporate blockchain.Leveraging on GeoTagged transactions, we can build various products on our platform (e.g loan and Esusu systems) We believe consumers should be able to spend their money wherever and whenever they want to. 
  
 This add-on has a huge amount of growing possibilities, the first one will be to search fields not just by description but by name and other fields. 
 We are currently planning to:1) Better understanding of manufacturing requirements - I came up with the idea for this application after speaking with the operations director for lean manufacturer that does contract work. Before moving forward I want to better understand the needs of a variety of manufacturers in order to make this application significantly more meaningful as part of the digital transformation underway.2) Enhance existing functionality and capability - The current scope of this application is a bit limited.  After I better understand the manufacturing requirements above, I plan to vet potential enhancement ideas with various manufacturers to determine what functionality and capabilities would provide the best value to them. Additionally, we plan to address API endpoint integration performance which were not implemented due to the short timeframe of the project.3) Identify best platform for ease of use - Currently our application runs on PC, Mac and Linux standalones. Since we are using Unity we know we can build this application on selected browsers; Android and iOS devices; and in VR and AR. Again, before moving forward I'd like to better understand from manufacturers what makes the most sense for them.4) Incorporate analytical tools - Running a simulation requires data from the WiP and EA APIs in addition to the locational and animation data used to build the 3D scene.  Having this data available lends itself to incorporating analytical tools to optimize the operations which might include machine learning, linear programming, neural networks or other relevant tools.   
 New Functionality:Delivering a card for answers.Delivering a card with the information of the playing message (Caller, Timestamp, length of Message)More conversation style: after playing a message asking if going on to the next. after playing the last message asking if starting from the beginning.asking to directly play a specific message.asking for the number of messages with a recorded voice asking about information / playing a specific messages with a recorded voiceasking for the number of messages without a recorded voice asking about information / playing a specific messages without a recorded voicedeliver more Information about the message (who was the caller)asking for the number of messages of a specific caller asking about information / playing a specific messages of a specific callerMore features using the "heard" flag of the voicemail system:after playing a message mark it as heard asking for the number of un-heard messageasking about information / playing a specific un-heard messageasking for the number of heard messageasking about information / playing a specific heard messageasking to mark a specific message as un-heardMore features using a VTT (voice to text) on the recorded voice message:Delivering a card with the information of the playing message, including the transcripted voice record.More features using Deleting of Messages:delete a specific messagedelete a message after hearing itdelete all messages without a recorded voicedelete all messages prior to a specific datedelete all messages older x daysdelete all messages older y weeksdelete all messages older z monthdelete all messages 
 If we do win any cash prize, we plan on using it to make the device more compact, performing more market research, and using machine learning to analyze gestures.  
  
  
  
  
  
 Provide more services to help merchants integrate our system to their service Support all kinds of mobile platform 
  
 The platform has a lot of potential, some of the ideas we have:Community Contribution: be able to add more skills (kinds of knowledge), and add content of good practices as mentor/mentoreeConnecting Ways: be able to create messenger groups for the first contact, later be able to meet on online video conferences.Gamification: be able to be scored on your performance as a mentor/mentoree, how many time you spend learning and teaching, and Rankings that can be shared between your FB friendsSecurity: is very important to take on when you are connecting people, there is always the probability of misconduct from the mentor/mentoree. Through ranking system most of the cases could be avoided and with a flagging system quick actions could be taken if misconduct is reported.Sustainability: a way to encourage being a mentor is pretty important. So a Wallet system could be introduced, each certain amount of mentoring will give you coins. And to get a mentor you will be paying coins. Like interchanging knowledge. And also be able to buy coins."Mentorik", from where it comes that name?Everybody needs access to a mentor, no matter from where you come.On Cholan Mayan:Woman - IxikMan - WinikBlack - Ik'White - SikSome Mayan words finished on the suffix 'IK', like in a way representing inclusion on just one syllable.Talking about the importance of inclusion and be able to give access to opportunities to everybody. 
 More commands and a user friendly front-end for the end user to configure the voice commands. 
  
 Continued development of the application. We will utilize more of the Google Map's API technologies in the future. 
  
  
 Flushing out our marketplace! 
  
 -Creating a smaller scale model that is more realistic for a home environment, and significantly reducing cost at the same time. -Reimplement the LeapMotion to train the model for an increased vocabulary, and different accents (did you know you can have an accent in sign language too?). 
 1) Home security management2) Data analysis3) Auto electricity management4) Forming a community to gather peoples thoughts5) Developer community for developing this app. 
 We see a ton of avenues to take Pixel Kanvas in the future! If we implemented login accounts, we could let users earn points, badges, achievements, and level up! We hope to create a feature that allows a user to generate a URL directly to their creation. The grid could be erased every so often to maintain plenty of area to work! The site could be monetized by selling a block of the grid. This would allow the user a space that wouldn't be drawn on by others or erased with the rest of the grid. Future developments will depend on how much traction Pixel Kanvas gains, but we intend to continue to work on Pixel Kanvas after the hackathon regardless of our finish. 
  
  
 To work with more game consoles.  
 Building an appliance database through market research. Reaching out to donors and governments. 
 There are many more things to do, we want to optimize the water saving process to a maximum, having the best performance possible with minimal energy consumption. We would like to collect water from the fog too. Fog in an important resource of water that is found on the air, using it with Econditioner would be a feature that would make it even more attractive to the public.Optimize the platform and in the future launch a mobile app (It is currently a web app). Also add more features as intelligent control (the one we are currently working on)The sky is the limit, we look forward to keep on working hard to improve Econditioner. 
 I would definitely like to take this further. I think it is very unique (gaming and fitness!) and has great potential to go further.I would like to integrate with other fitness trackers next - like the Jawbone for example.After that I would like to spend more time on the gameplay and storyline of the gameplay.Then, I would like to add more online platform related features like daily challenges for extra rewards etc... (more things to encourage players to meet exercise goals in exchange for massive energy crystal boosts and upgrades!) 
  
 We genuinely believe that visionOS will transform the way how ads work. From transforming ads to apps visionOS becomes an essential platform creating a new market for creative minds and developers.JCDecaux will maintain platform monopoly , the apps are coming from the ad agencies. Analytics is incorporated for every app creator. Revenue cut is given to JCDecaux from every shown ad. It is up to the ad creator to create the engagement and money offer to be selected. 
 Marketing efforts to push this app into the mainstream market.Implementing it on a large scale basis. 
 Since we only had a virtual simulator for testing purposes, perhaps next time we may use a real car. 
  
  
  
  
 DLC: Capture The Pothole On CamDLC: Monetary reward and progression systemDLC: MultiplayerDLC: Machine learning to determine a size of pothole (bigger potholes give more points)DLC: Bitmoji in pothole pictures 
  
 Next, I plan to make it possible to save the transcript data locally on your PC so that you can search the same video without going through the transcribing process again. It would also be cool to try out Amazon video Rekognition to allow label, activity and celebrity detection in YouTube videos. 
 We would like to complete the app, and eventually put it on the real market. We really believe in the potential of this website and the limitless possibilities of the market in hand. 
  
 In the future, hopefully we can get the experience fully functioning. 
 Incorporating Wireshark in Kali Linux to intercept packets while direction finding.Applying more pruned algorithms and statistics to search more quickly and effectively. 
 To use multiple cameras placed at different locations around the playfield coupled with the use of Effective Point and Perspective Algorithm to compose a playfield. This allows the multiple cameras to track the robots and the elements on the playfield effectively.Built withJavaScript with ArUco and OpenCV for video capture and marker detectionPython for hosting the EV3 server and handling locomotionNode.js for hosting the middleman server between the browser and the bot 
  
 Maybe an iOS app? Also, making the OCR of higher standard and quality. Also, giving users an option to crop pictures. 
 Installing in two more bars (one in Cincinnati, one in Oakland). And one of the owners wants the Alexa integration we did for this hackathon! 
 In true agile fashion, we're releasing V1 for Codegiest with plans to grow the Power-up's functionality in the months to come. We're looking for user feedback to find ways we can provide more value and help users truly harness the power of creating relationships in Trello. 
 Submit to Microsoft Office Store.Integrating with OneDrive, so you can save/download existing or previous editor files to quickly recreate formulas and functionalities you reuse often.Adding opt-in features for setting editor preferences, for themes, highlighting, auto format rules, and more.Bolding the help text parameters as you click or arrow through the function code.Adding web workers for a faster experience.Get enough downloads so Excel builds this natively and gives us all the credit!Built byBurn Dev, LLC, based in Hoboken, NJ. Questions, comments, concerns, or suggestions? Hit us up at dev@burndev.co. 
 We plan to consolidate & certified suppliers to the platforms and do the M&A services  
 Facebook integration which will enable the player to challenge friends.Online challenges which could be created by other players.The ability to create levels and challenge friends.More levels.Children version of the game.CompatibilityRequires iOS 8.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone and iPod touch.Other ideas i hadAt first i wanted to make a CNC (computer numerical controlled ) machine programming App using the MyScript Geometry Widget (GEW) which would enable CNC machines  owners to generate G-Code programs. 
 An iOS or Android app to go along with this. 
  
  
 Expanding our technologies into a mobile app to complete our ecosystem and allow even more people to get involved in the hunt for these clowns.  
 We need to integrate real medication data, fine tune the algorithm, take into account medication ratios, analyze known drug interactions and extrapolate possible medication interactions, and continue to improve the user experience. 
 Hopefully some clinical trials or some adoption by patients. Githubhttps://github.com/parva2/ClassifyingImagesWithVisionAndCoreML 
 Integrations!If there’s traction/funding… Replace OpenCV/dlib tracking with a commercial face tracking SDK. (Sorry for the lag and everything for this POC!)A Note Exclusively for my “Bad Fans”: Clarification on Past WorkFaceStylr is a project I started designing, architecting and building on July 27, 2018 after a week of feeling like an outsider among women in tech at Google Cloud Next (even being rejected from the Women in Tech Social). I’ve designed my own frameworks to build AR apps… fast—and I’ve also used a bunch of other modern programming frameworks. These are a bunch of RealityScript libraries I wrote on top of Unity C#. I built SnapGlass.es Share two years ago, but that was just a simple glasses try-on platform, with a 3x3 look comparison grid inspired by Warby Parker. That was also using OpenCV/Dlib from 2016. Tracking does not make all AR apps the same. Comparing that to this would be like comparing a basic dynamic website to an extensive blogging platform. The amount of work and the insight in software architecture to build the latter from the first is a world of difference. I built FaceShop.io last year before Facebook launched their AR Studio. Despite the similarity in name, for those who understand product, it is clear that my previous project FaceShop.io is very different from FaceStylr. Just in case, I’ll clarify the differences here: FaceShop is more of a “Photoshop for AR” - a general purpose creator software, similar to Facebook AR Studio or Snap Lens, but without relying on either platform. (It also includes a basic Flash ActionScript 1.0-inspired scripting language and a whole lot of things that would only be relevant for a professional creator tool.) FaceStylr is more like a “Polyvore for AR” - primarily a creative platform to discover fashion-related products and share product collections in a personal way that involves AR try-on’s. (Polyvore and Photoshop, though they both start with P, are very different - I hope we agree here!) FaceShop used the old OpenCV Dlib from last year with no stabilization. (And also allows the user to swap other face tracking SDKs, as it is tracking agnostic as a creator platform). ShopFace uses the latest OpenCV v3.4.1 and Dlib v19.7 and may switch to a commercial face tracking platform. Currently, a hackish stabilization with high-pass filters and optical flow is used.ShopFace has a variety of ecommerce and product and even referral link integrations. FaceShop was made directly for iOS on an iPad resolution device; for instant test-ability, FaceStylr was made initially for (desktop) WebGL.Simply summarized, FaceStylr is about creating AR Shopping experiences across the entire ecosystem, with benefits for both consumer and merchants to engage meaningful sales - and not just about creating arbitrary AR filters like FaceShop.  
 We have so much planned for our extension and we are very excited to make a start, here's a short list of our planned features:Bits! We want to help streamers make more money from their content, so we plan to add the ability for viewers to spend bits to trigger events in the game.Loyalty Points! We want to reward viewers for interacting with our extension and the streamer so we want to allow a system for viewers to earn and spend loyalty points.Event Store! We want the viewers to be able to take full control of the events in the game and directly purchase items/events with their loyalty points.AI Hooking! We want to connect to the games story telling AI, to automatically generate polls to take the weight off the moderators and allow the narrative to still be told in a somewhat natural way.Finally, we want to keep going with this ideal, we want to bring our concept of Twitch integration to more games, we want to gamify the viewing experience on twitch and implement a system that allows the viewer to actually play with the streamer. 
 The next stage for Baby Safe will be implementing the analysis of the temperature track record history. By focusing on the thermal camera technology, what else we can do push further in order to give the Baby Safe an all round product analysis?Multiple devices with communication is also needed. We would need to implement the quality of video streaming between the devices, so that family members or an organisation (like hospitals) can access the thermal camera seamlessly.  
  
  
 SLEEP!!! 
  
 We have plans to develop more functionalities and put the app on the store in the future. We are also planning to provide more detailed reports and integration with social medias. 
 User authentication and third party login integration (Facebook, etc…)TagsCachePaginationHTTP 429 (Too Many Request) Middleware 
 We think that this would be extremely beneficial to the hacker community, and hope to continue development of the project, seeing it through launch. 
 Adding more functionality and features: Usage of GPS data from employees' mobile phones, providing the client's of the maintenance company access to a map of the problems and status of the problems in their building. Improvement and refinement of the UI for the mobile application and the foreman's dashboard. 
  
 Only the stars will tell.Upcoming features for this projectPaypal Plugin for DonationsAdvanced Financial ManagementWall of Fame for donators (if they want to publish them)Milestones for projects - Every project will be organized to Milestones, tasks can be added to themBlog for every project, to keep track about the statusImagegalleryCustomisation, so the framework can be used for every kind of charity-fundraising organisationUsed Packagesaccounts-password              1.1.3  Password support for accountsaccounts-ui                    1.1.6  Simple templates to add login widgets to an appaldeed:autoform                5.6.1* Easily create forms with automatic insert and update, and automatic reactive validation.aldeed:collection2             2.3.1* Automatic validation of insert and update operations on the client and server.blaze-html-templates           1.0.1  Compile HTML templates into reactive UI with Meteor Blazedburles:collection-helpers     1.0.3  Transform your collections with helpers that you definedburles:google-maps            1.1.5  Google Maps Javascript API v3ecmascript                     0.1.5  Compiler plugin that supports ES2015+ in all .js fileses5-shim                       4.1.13  Shims and polyfills to improve ECMAScript 5 supportfabienb4:autoform-semantic-ui  0.7.1  Semantic-ui template for aldeed:autoform package.flemay:less-autoprefixer       1.1.0  The dynamic stylesheet language + Autoprefixeriron:layout                    1.0.12  Dynamic layouts which enable rendering dynamic templates into regions on a page.iron:router                    1.0.12  Routing specifically designed for Meteorjquery                         1.11.4  Manipulate the DOM using CSS selectorsjuliancwirko:s-alert           3.1.1  Simple and fancy notifications / alerts / errors for Meteormatb33:collection-hooks        0.8.1  Extends Mongo.Collection with before/after hooks for insert/update/remove/find/findOnemeteor-base                    1.0.1  Packages that every Meteor app needsmobile-experience              1.0.1  Packages for a great mobile user experiencemongo                          1.1.2  Adaptor for using MongoDB and Minimongo over DDPsemantic:ui                    2.1.3* Official Semantic UI Integration for Meteorsession                        1.1.1  Session variablestandard-minifiers             1.0.1  Standard minifiers used with Meteor apps by default.tmeasday:publish-counts        0.7.2  Publish the count of a cursor, in real timetracker                        1.0.9  Dependency tracker to allow reactive callbacksyogiben:autoform-map           0.2.0  Edit location coordinates with autoFormImportant InfoGIT: Pls use latest commit (tasks)To run the app follow the instructions below:Create a new userclaim admin for that user by running Meteor.call('makeMeAdmin','SecretPASS');populate lists by running Meteor.call('populateLists');start adding projects by going to /project and beneficiaries on /beneficiary'Enjoy :)Known bugs:Imageupload for new Projects: It may happen that the image-upload doesnt work at beginning. Didn't figure out why, but after 2,3 attempts it usually works ;)Location for new project: Something went wrong at last changes -> the map-plugin is not able to assign a location 
 Implement LucidAct at our pilot customer site, collect data and evidence, learn from the care team and demonstrate that LucidAct can improve team efficiency by 10X. 
  
 Daily data at all locationsI would love to extend the analysis to all locations and daily data using a much larger Spark infrastructure. Additional data such as wind and snow are available at daily frequencies and could really increase the value of the analysis.Global DatasetsWhere possible global datasets should be incorporated to not only compare the continental US, but all locations worldwide. By creating a comparison of all locations, any user could happen upon any set of weather conditions they can dream of.Incorporate travel costsTravel costs (hotel and airfare) could be incorporated into the results, showing the user not only where and when the conditions are very similar, but also where costs can be minimized for that particular experience.UI developmentWith Big Data being the focus of the Sparkathon, much of the time was used for data analysis. Revisiting the UI development to include native mobile applications and refined layouts could enhance the utilization of the output. 
  
 A possible next step for PayAR would be to integrate with large product data sets to pre-populate our product database and have to more extensive product details. 
  
  
 Techfugees Projects: Adding the Techfugees projects from the hackathon to the web app as servicesAutomatic Language Detection: Detecting the language of the deviceImagery: Adding images to simplify the interfaceSearch by voice (via Google Cloud Voice API): Ability to search via voice Assistant Case Manager: Assisting Case Workers with data centralisation and clientsSelf-Service Kiosk (Hardware Solution): Affordable touch-screen Raspberry Pi powered terminals to access web appNational Humanitarian Organisation Database (NHOD): A database to centralise all the data that we were unable to find, publicly available. 
  
 We'll work on it more and consider adding more features 
 Secure the crypto bank even more, by adding more barricades and levels of difficulty!Multiplayer! 
  
 Due to time constraints and for demonstration purposes, we decided to focus on ADHD as the primary use case of our app. However, we plan to expand the use cases of this app to a book of other mental disorders as well, such as anxiety. We would also love to implement a machine learning algorithm to quantify the user data we receive from the app. In the future, we want to make the app more refined and start working on bringing our solution to real patients for testing.AccomplishmentsWe are honored and excited to say that we were the First Place winners of the 2017 TechCrunch Disrupt NY Hackathon. We hope to further develop our app and continue on the journey to making ADHD diagnosis more accessible and effective. 
  
  
  
 ვფიქრობთ რომ ჩვენი პლათფორმის საჭიროება არსებობს და ვაპირებთ იდეა გავუზიაროთ სხვებსაც. 
  
 Stabilizing. Discussing and improving rating calculations.Readme and download links available also below. 
 There are still a lot of features we are planning on adding over the upcoming months. We want to further integrate this platform with the social medias currently being used. The primary focus for the upcoming months is we want to work with our user base and make this as enjoyable of a experience as possible. One of the primary benefits of being a group young tech savvy is that we are capable making improvements quickly and responding to feedback. 
 That's up to the folks over at Axiom Zen :) 
  
 We hope to clean up the user interface code a bit (it's difficult to have good coding habits at hackathons!). We also hope to be releasing the app for othesrs to see and use.  
 The next goal is to add ERC20 support and to create also a BTC-connector and to perform maybe first eth<->btc atomic payment through L2 network. 
 We really want to enhance all the features of "To-may-to To-mah-to" to make it more accurate, user-friendly and easier to use.We would love to give it the real-life touch so that the user feels comfortable using our product. We plan to do this by generating the target accent in the voice of the user, instead of any random voice.We could prompt the users to create a vocal avatar using Lyrebird api that could solve the issue of using a different voice when mapping the source speech to the target speech.We also plan to render the video, especially the lip movements so that they are in perfect sync with the target audio file. Accent to accent translation should be made as close to real time as possible so that our users can use it with absolutely no problems. . 
 The first step will be launching a kickstarter campaign to get Foo Blox out to the world. The next step will be setting up a web app where users can add their own level packs. 
 In the future, we are going to further develop and polish our application by making it more responsive, interactive and developed. Deep Learning, Blockchain, and more cutting-edge technologies will be applied to our app! 
 We hope to expose a REST API so that anyone can use our model to generate dank memes. As with any machine learning model, there's much to be tuned to help our language model better understand what makes a great meme.  
 The first improvement that should be made is fix some issues we encountered with the measures of our designs, which have required some on site profiling.Another obvious improvement is update the case so it is made of aluminium instead of plastic, which is the first blocking issue at the moment for HackSat to be launched.Finally, we would change the hardware so it has more dedicated hardware which most likely will allow us to optimise even the battery consumption and global lifespan for the Sat. 
  
 Create an app to read the data from insulin pump and fitness monitor and send it directly to Azure IoT hubChange the prediction engine to use Machine learning to make it more universally usable by people of all ages.Launch a Beta version for potential customers to start using it. 
 As technology achieves great progress in machine learning, the idea of smart homes is starting to materialize. Nowadays there is a lot of amazing project for making our home easy and cozy. Obviously, the light is essential part of every home. That’s why our idea is to make light not usual process of turning on/off the lights, but simplified version of it wich works with hand motion.We hope that during the judging  we will get inspiring suggestions or feedback on our project. 
 We plan to launch EyePhone on the Google Play Store soon. We also plan to extend the EyePhone to incorporate other diseases such as Glaucoma and Conjunctivitis. 
  
 Next we hope to fully integrate the Google Cloud database. We would like to add more security features, and users to the database. 
 This is definitely a 1.0 release. There's a number of things we're looking to improve. I know there are some things in the UX that need to be worked out. Also, some handling of utterances and intents. From a game perspective, the game has score keeping and custom audio support. We'd like to better work that into the experience. Adding "easy" and "difficult" modes would be fun, too. Oh, and giving kids (of all ages) the ability to create their own creatures and battle against friends! Not to mention at least twenty other things I've got jotted down on a notepad. :)Thanks for checking out Super Creature Showdown! It's a work-in-progress – We hope you enjoy our game and we'd love to know your thoughts! 
  
  
  
 Build a fish face recognition engine which detects fishes as they are captured​ ​Ability for officials to track the type of fishes found and captured in a location​ ​Use data shared to organize tips and tricks from top fishermen around the world, the unique techniques they use for fishing Bring in the entire community to FishUp and foster a strong bond through the app​ ​ 
 In the Full app a section that explains how the voting system works in the united states (who elects the president of the United States ? , how the president and the vice president are elected? What is voter turnout in the United States? How does the electoral college choose the president and vice president? )a section that helps you get in contact with political parties a section that notifies you on news concerning whatever interest you may have (new bills , congressman changing their opinion)-make an android/IOS app version of MyIssues 
 Expanding as a platform for firearm analytics. Location module on the chip. Smaller form-factor. 
  
 We will continue working on the community management system in future hackathons organized at agora-space.com and as a teaching tool for codersfield.com in addition to continuing the development of it as an useful app that can be integrated to our communities.  
 With the basic features in place, we believe that Confucius is a differentiated product. We need to continue executing on our business model, marketing our application to potential customers in order to generate interest. Customers include those that would pay for subscription accounts with access to premium articles. In addition, we seek to generate interest in the advertising sector. With greater network effects from a growing user base, we think that we can generate revenue from advertisements in the long run.Furthermore, we will continue differentiate our application with more features:-Provide more news sources-Enable users to crowdsource article recordings of their own voices 
 more patterns like daily/weekly/monthly/holiday/seasonal==> the result will be presented at Data Tech conference in Dec. at Tokyoserialization (contribution to htm.java)flume/fluentd appender to upload csv files to S3 storage for analytics 
  
 We will create processes to enable mentors and businesses to establish their profiles on the site. We have factored phase 2, 3 and 4 into a product feature and development pipeline. 
 We aim to go beyond Nigeria and improve the education and career correlation across Africa, and even the world,  helping people achieve passion and goals for their career. Also, plan to predict with the application of some machine learning and artificial intelligence algorithm based on previous statistical data, the career potential, intelligence and genius abilities of next coming generation of the world and families in it to ensure that the next & future world economy suits everyone 
 Looking forward to demonstrate the capabilities of the framework with our customers 
 We hope to add Alexa integration in order for users to simply let their assistant know once they get home. Porting it to a mobile app such as React Native is also next on our bucketlist. 
 For the future, I plan to add more customization options and get feedback from users on what they would like to see from this extension. 
 More data! More dashboards! More data sources! 
 Filter out the video content as wellUse text content as well to categorize images in context. 
 Integrate Artificial Intelligence for semantic analysisVR/AR base real time relief support , Rich Messaging and sync message in common communication channel, Social media presence base notification, Dynamic Traffic Routing, 3D object scanning, in emergency On-demand part manufacturing, On-demand part service Manufacturers Consultation 
 2 FAMobile siteFix the issues with chrome  For the link - please avoid chrome 
 A possible improvement will be to install a sensor on the machines that detects whether a washer/dryer is in use. For example, it may be possible to detect a jump in the electricity current when a machine is in use. This will eliminate the need for user input to update the state of the machine, effectively overcoming the challenges stated above. We are aware that there is another group of Tembusians working on using light sensors to detect when the machines are being used, and we are planning to collaborate with them for future developments.Since there may be a possibility that there are faulty machines, we plan to input a report function into our code, such that users can report to the bot that a certain machine is faulty, so that other users would be aware of the number of machines actually available for use. The report function will probably change the status of the machine to unavailable, until the college is notified and fixes the machine. There will also be an undo button once the machine is fixed, to change the status of the machine back to available for residents' use.  
 We hope that after learning more about programming, using APIs, and development tools, we will be able to implement the chat, photo album, etc. functions that we thought of. We would also look to partner with various child sponsorship organizations to match sponsors to children! 
  
 I got new recommendations today. I want to update the game as much as I can. So keep searching and happy coding :) 
 We will be doing a fundraise at the end of Q1/2017 for sales and marketing scale. On the technology front, we will be integrating biometric, biofeedback and wearable feeds intro TruClinic sessions, and will continue with additional EHR integrations. The future is bright and we're all wearing shades. 
 I've got a few ideas below, but I'd love to hear from you. I'd like to add a progress meter  / gamification to provide some encouragement to writers — you don't want people to quit at #15.  Also, I've been thinking about a voting system (PH / HNstyle) so you can get feedback form your colleagues before you pick something. Also, maybe a way to connect this to Hootsuite or Optimizely. Oh and I might also push this through MacGap to create a desktop app, who knows? 
 Right now, any actions taken with Forcebot would be attributed to the person who installed the bot. We'd like to enable a feature called Verified User Access, which allows the ability to attribute user actions based on each individual person, instead of attributing all to the person who installed the bot. When a user wants to take an action via the bot, he/she will be required to authenticate his app credentials and the bot will attribute the action to the person. 
 The sandwich cart will continue to be an integral part of lunch time activities, and live on forever in our hearts. 
  
 Starting my first year of college in about a month, there will be many more resources for me to use in developing my projects. This will open up many possibilities to where this could go. I plan to continue developing the rover, adding different sensors to it and giving it new and improved capabilities. In college and beyond, I will use my knowledge of GPS, BLE, micro controllers, and more gained during this project to aid future efforts in making this planet a safer, more efficient, and more exciting place to live.Testing InstructionsContinuous Collision Avoidance ModePlace the rover in a fairly open area (such as a playground, backyard, gymnasium, etc), with at least 2 meters of space in between the front of the vehicle and the nearest obstacleSupply power to the Arduino by plugging in the cable attached to the power supply, and turn on the Electronic Speed ControlWait 5-15 secondsOpen iPad Rover Controller ApplicationWait for on/off switch to appear in center of iPad screenTurn switch on to start the back motor of the rover and enable collision avoidanceThe rover should start moving forwards and turning its front wheels left or right when it approaches an objectVehicle to Vehicle Communication Intersection DemonstrationPlace the driverless Arduino rover and the RC raspberry pi rover about 9 meters apart (try closer if the vehicles are failing to connect, the raspberry pi 3 has a relatively small bluetooth range)Orient the two vehicles such that they are pointing towards a common point, from directions around 90 degrees relative to each otherPlug the raspberry pi and the Arduino, turning the two devices on, and turn on the Electronic Speed Control on the Arduino roverWait until both GPSs indicate a fix (when the blinking red light on the GPS starts blinking much less frequently)SSH into the raspberry pi and start the intersection demo python programOnce the Arduino rover starts moving, using the Remote Control, drive the raspberry pi rover into the path of the Arduino rover, so that they are on a collision path and moving in directions around 90 degrees relative to each otherDo not stop raspberry pi rover; drive it straight through the intersectionThe Arduino rover should now stop and let the raspberry pi rover passNote: for both the sketches, the pulse length that determines the speed of the Arduino rover is defined by a C++ macro. The rover must be set at a lower pulse width (higher speed) to be able to move through the grass, but must be set to higher pulse width (lower speed) in order to achieve the same velocity on pavement (the rover goes way too fast on pavement if set to the grass speed). A pulse width of between 1050 and 1080 work well in the grass, and 1120 works well on level pavement. Pulse widths in between will achieve different speeds as well. A pulse width of 1140 will stop the rover completely. 
 Our desire is to build this application and keep giving innovation with new ideas so that this application can be useful and known by everyone like Google.To make our dream not just  a dream, we proudly introduce our invention through social media and present to many Institutions. In addition, to interact people using this application we also give reward to those who win the “Leader Board”.We realize that during the development, we need criticism, advise, and cooperation from anyone who realize that “ngaret” is the habit that we need to be removed from our life. Last but not least, Change is not easy, but no change is a silent stupidity. 
  
 The future of Guru is unlimited. We plan to publish this app in to the Apple App Store and promote this app between high school students and college students alike. The use case for this application is truly present - any person who has a doubt, a problem or a confusion can post a question in a couple of seconds, and 5 seconds later be talking to a Guru who's walking the student through what he or she needs to do. We hope to engage in productive conversations with students and leaders in the education industry to see how Guru can be a fit for teachers and students alike, gaining tractions and pushing this app to its limits.  
  
 Extending the add-on as a Server plugin. 
 Currently working on word analysis to track "Ums" and "Likes" and incorporating Project Oxford, as well as more diverse 3D videos. 
 We want to run our own smart clothes business, improve our product functionality, provide costumers with handy SDK for creating their own apps. Also we can create some games for our smart clothes users and implement some motion analysis with error reporting for sportsmen.  
  
  
  
 Bathroom checkins, badges and achievements, improved AR functionality, who knows. Don't forget to flush!  
 I REALLY REALLY wanted to do more for this project but I'm very busy with my 9-5 and staying healthy! SOOO coming soon I would like to generate a profile for each user that is linked to the create a chrome extension I'm developing called "SageTree Pantry" the extension would essentially help you find items that fit into your recommended diet and disease prevention plan. 
  
  
 Medical Assistant will grow with time. I'll keep adding more modules to it like Searching nearby locations via Google Places APIs and giving contacts of Doctors as cards in Alexa Companion App, An AI based Diet Builder based on eating habits as well as Binaural Music to keep moods in check for Mentally Challenged People. I do have a plan. If I win this hackathon, I'm going to build this entire package and use that prize money to have premium API Services and Libraries and still keep the Skill Free for the Public so that people get what the need and deserve, A healthier and a better lifestyle. 
  
 Add more games, more entertainment features, and more educational content. 
 More loops, including some composed by established artists, as I want to make the skill very content rich. I would like to add the ability for the final loop .mp3 url to the emailed to the end user, and I might have a go at adding an on screen drum machine (watch this space). 
 Moar APIs.Find the best solution for OAuth based APIs. 
 We are going to try different model structures to generate more realistic and high-resolution pictures. At the same time, we will continue to collect more data and try to generate synthetic images as more types as we can. If we can create more realistic and high-solution pictures, Amazing Signts can easily meet everyone's need. 
 We are going to include other AWS services like Lambda, Dynamo DB and Lex etc., to be able to draw arrows dynamically and get more usability for example dialogue. 
  
 The initial beta for ConnectOnCommute was a major success, that's not to say that there aren't even more places to take this! First tweaks will need to be graphics, getting an experienced graphic designer to help improve the UX design and make the overall experience more aesthetic. Currently the team is working on making the web-app responsive for mobile displays, and in the next few months we're hoping to roll-out a complete IOS and Android app.The IOS and Android app would integrate bluetooth or NFC to allow users to connect on trains and planes and many other places without wifi or LTE connectivity! 
 Add custom geolocation filtering subscriptions.Add live bed capacity functionality.Filter messages based on user data. 
 Though the app is a novelty, the underlying technology has many useful applications in real life as a reverse face search (like Google's reverse image search). 
 Improved insight and summarization In addition to the stream of complaints, we'd like to add better capabilities to analyze the complaints as a whole.Better concern parsing. The determination of major concerns is a beta feature and does sometimes return less-than-helpful terms.Broader data sources. Adroit, as a demo, only draws from Twitter. However, its structure is such that functionality for Facebook, Instagram, or even more exotic sources, like Youtube captions or academic articles, could be easily added. 
 Next we would like to build a full web interface that allows you to see the temperature and let you interface and interact with a virtual pet. We also want to include more than just a temperature sensor.  
  
 Getting a prototype of Colossus to work during the Hackathon :) 
 make the application available for all office apps 
  
 I've a whole roadmap in the GitHub repository: https://github.com/andregumieri/vanhackathon-broadbandtv/milestones/RoadmapIt's open sourceThe source code is available here: https://github.com/andregumieri/vanhackathon-broadbandtv 
 Create a multi layer hierarchy to capture higher level concepts of the movie knowledge graph.Train the model with a very large corpus of data Create a test environment to continuously test the knowledge graph and introduce inhibitory connections 
  
 We plan to add a few key features to Dry Driver in the coming weeks:Fixing the RouteBoxer so all routes work properlyCreate an algorithm to reroute around flood incidentsRank data sources properlyTry it out yourself!Check out http://drydriver.pedelen.com/ and put these origins and destinations in to the boxes to see flood data around Houston:Destinations: 1500 McKinney St R2, Houston, TX 77010 / 3118 Green St Houston, TX 77020 / 501 Crawford St Houston, TX 77002Origin: 410 Pierce St, Houston, TX 77002 
       Submitted to    QuackConWinner                Fan Favorite                  Created by  Jamias  JonesFrederick Jason 
  
  
  
 We plan to expand the plugin from viewer to analyzer. Our goal is to help the user find and prevent potential problems fast and easy. 
  
 Utilization at the local government and local community 
  
  
  
  
 More content, more music, and letting parents customize their family's unique routine.Sweet dreams!       Submitted to    Amazon Alexa Skills Challenge: Multimodal    Created by  adva levinvoice experience designer and writer, focusing on games and ai personas 
 Being able to confirm that an incident caused the issue, which allows for:Sharing knowledge of an incident with your colleagues.Finding all issues that are linked to an incident (using JQL).We would like to integrate with the request creation screen, where users add information to their request.We are very interested in your feedback after using the add-on. Live demoWe have integrated our StatusPage information with our own JIRA Service Desk. Visit our JIRA Service Desk to see what it looks like: https://avisi-support.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portal/10You can find our StatusPage here: https://avisi-addons.statuspage.io/ 
 We plan to finish up all features necessary to make the platform acceptable both locally and globally. We also plan to make the platform accessible both online and offline so that people in the rural area who have poor or No internet connection won't be left out. 
 making the project compatible with blockchains and make it  
  
 Front Desk will hopefully grow into a fully-fledged multi-tenanted organization management system with reminder pings for internal meetings, emergency evacuation facial tracking, and Teams integrated Bot commands for tracking tasks, note taking, or pre-meeting notes about visitors. 
 With this first release I will be collecting customer feedback to identify any pain points and the most wanted features. In my roadmap, functionality such as due dates and reminders are on the top of the list.Add to your HipChat room 
 Expanding platformsPublic notes 
 Next is to make it responsive (cause it really isn't, curse of being a backend guy) and perhaps package it up on npm so that other developers could actually use it in the future 
 Future features will focus on statistical analysis and automatic detection of machining faults.Features that are currently being worked on include:Tracing the path of a toolProviding automatic calculations to determine possible deviations, detecting faultsbefore the entire part is machined incorrectlyComparing material removal to tolerances associated with each part faceThe ability for NC.js to make recommendations for feed rates and spindle speedsbased on optimization algorithmsVisually previewing tolerances, workpieces, and tools while the simulation continues inthe backgroundFurther goals are to allow for tolerances to be added or removed from a model using thesimulation. The end result can then be saved for future use with different tolerances than theoriginal model. We also want to generate recommended changes to the workplan based onthe differences between the simulation and the MTConnect data. These recommendedchanges would further optimize a model so that all tool wear and other costly activities canbe limited. 
 We would actually have to test it out on different browsers. We are worried about the CSS from the page changing the look and feel of the actual hacker card. We'd also need to actually deploy the HTML fragment somewhere so that others can import it via the <link> tag into their pages, right now everything is just done locally. Ideally we'd also be able to develop some sort of loading state for the component, as right now it will just render the template without having any data binded to the template.We also need to spend more time thinking about dependencies and how users will acquire them. Right now the hacker-card.html fragment uses superagent for AJAX requests, which defines a global request object on the window which we would ideally prefer not to do on other user's websites. 
 What's coming? Well, lots of things. Here are the ones I'm the most excited about:smart recommendations that we can push to your feedmore variation in the types of activitiesmore interaction (inline comments, and liking)activities coming from other sites you love and use every day like StackOverflow or Github, so that the CP Feed can become your developer timelineimproved design 
 usability fixes (preview of rendered comment, inserting by text search etc.)push Atlassian to give me API for deeper integration with standard comment boxsupport Security Levels and Service Desk internal commentssharing one template within multiple projects 
 We are currently planning to:Enhance the functionality and capability to support not only a better user interface, but additionally to educate users that they are not just helping themselves reduce health risks, but they are "Citizen Scientists" providing important information for research and studies to reduce health risks throughout society. Improve the quality and accuracy of the data calculations to increase the value of the information captured for research and studies. We used a fairly simplistic approach to meet the hack objective to show the exposure for both NIOSH and "Health Risk" noise level scales. More precise calculations would be necessary to support research and study needs. Work with companies and institutions (e.g. - manufacturing plants, hospitals, construction companies, etc.) who expose their employees to high noise levels and redesign this product to help employers understand those exposure levels as well as reduce the health risks associated to noise exposure to better protect the health of their employees. Add capability to save detailed data on the Arduino coupled with the functionality to send that detailed data to the cloud to better support research and studies in addition to IOT opportunities and initiatives.  
 The biggest feature we have yet to implement is support for multiple simultaneous Turnstyles.  Since most large places have multiple doors, this is a very important feature.  Right now, we could probably implement support for a couple devices at a time (using BLE communication protocols and streaming Node servers), but support for extremely large public spaces (think museums and monuments) would require engineering for scalability.Building applications for specific use cases. For example, a building manager could have a monitor that tells them when to call in maintenance after a certain number of people have used the building, a more reliable metric for needing repairs as opposed to a regular time interval. Another example would be having a live update on specific websites of the number of people at a particular library, post office, or grocery store, so consumers can avoid long times and plan accordingly. A better detection procedure would be helpful; although the population counting is quick robust and accurate, it can be fooled, especially if someone is trying to intentionally deceive the detector.  A possible (but complicated) solution would be to use computer vision to identify faces, but this would defeat part of Turnstyle's purpose -- to be relatively cheap, mass-producible, and non-intrusive.  We would like to look into finding a happy medium between sensor overkill and cost.Creating alternate Turnstyles to accommodate different doors, such as sliding doors, revolving doors, or two-way doors.  You would be surprised by how many different kinds of doors are out there. 
 We were only able to get one servo motor which meant we could only move paper in one direction. We would like to use another servo in the future to be able to print across a whole page. 
  
 TBA 
 Continue to grow user adoption and airport coverage.Better UI to depict altitude profile.Slack integration for use in the field by flight schools 
 Giving reviews to the individual food items. Push notification on the post of every new free food event posted. Maintaining the hackos for the user if they post new free food events and hackos can be used to redeem in the on-campus food places.  
 To make it more attractive and will make more real tests to stabilize the GPS positioning related functions on my app. 
 The next step for this project is to make it compatible with other exercising machines, such as rowing machines. In addition, a dedicated library of 360 degree videos optimized for the Rift would be built to allow users to personalize their exercising experience. Lastly, optional user profiles would be added so users can keep track of what trails they have finished and basic statistics such as calories burned, maximum speed reached, distance covered, etc. 
  
 -Crowd-sourcing preferred routes from local or knowledgeable commuters to come up with a foundation of knowledge to provide more optimal and personalized routing options. -Provide users with suggestions that rely on possible past routing preferences for similar routes or past routes taken.-Include more datasets such as Lyft/Uber, disability information, and vulnerable road user datasets.  
 Excel,PowerPoint,Word Add-ins to show document's related card informationChrome,Edge and Firefox Extensions to show website's related card informationSupport activity logs in the boardSupport quick actions from the board such as Send email templateSend approval request 
 To get the Teams App approved at the Office Store. We expect to send it for approval  next week. The next version of the app will allow the user to create, Contacts, Notes, Meeting report, and SSO directly from the App. Our goal is that all can be seen and done from within the App  
  
 Bringing smiles and full stomachs to college kids all around the world. 
  
 Add soil survey data over the vegetation density data.Add temperature data over the rainfall and yield data.Train the application to suggest varieties to grow and activities to perform based on past performance in certain conditions (e. g. what sort of nutrient level adjustments need to be made for certain soil types).Help farmers focus attention during critical times with alerts that then lead to recommended responses.Connect farmers to each other to share their experiences dealing with infestations and the weather.Connect farmers to arrange transportation to markets, and coordinate truck routes and deliveries, in order to reduce the environmental impact.A Walk Through FarmedBegin typing 'West Milford Road, Milford, NE, United States' into the search box above the map.  You can select it from the autocomplete options.Click on the Plant Density tile on the bottom left corner of the map.  The Map should be overlaid with vegetation density data.  The green represents more dense areas.Select the year 2010 from above the map.  The map will refresh with the vegetation density from the year 2010. Also notice below the map that the percentage of fields where pesticide was applied, manure was spread, and herbicide was applied is displayed for 2010 below the map.Scroll down to the 'Section that says "What do you grow?"Select the different crops one at a time.  The crop yield to rainfall graph will update.  It displays the yield data matched up with the rainfall data for that year.  The rainfall data is calculated from the closest weather stations to where the map is centered.Notice the Monthly Rainfall graph.  This graph shows the average rainfall for each month against the actual rainfall for the weather stations closest to the center of the map. 
 I have ideas for future too. I want to see data from my mobile phone with Bluetooth and want to create an app for seeing both real time data and online weather broadcaster's data. 
 Analyze the feelings that each language produces to programmers in order to help others choose between them when planning a new project. 
 Autonomous strollers? Desk chairs? Moving dollies?We started building a web application that would allow store owners to track and manage their fleet of grocery carts, eliminating grocery cart borrowing. Unfortunately, this means we would hack our hack, making it no longer possible :(Eventually we want it to shop for you... 
 Adding more data from Github like frameworks and starred repositories, creating accounts that are saved to databases and recommending other users at the same hackathon, using Devpost's hackathon data for future hackathons, matching frontend users to backend users, and integrating other forms of social media and slack to get more data about users and making access easier.  
  
 Here are some of the improvements we could make for SafeLine in the future:Multiple cameras - we had only one camera for this project, and we would certainly like to integrate several, like a real home would haveiOS app "friends" - we could add features such as a "friends list" where people can request to watch over someone else, or to have someone else watch over themBetter accuracy - the detection algorithm has much room for improvement, such as in minimizing the rate of false positivesLocation detection - people who are near the person who has fallen can be notified, even if they do not specifically monitor that personSound detection - on top of image detection, we could learn to recognize sounds of falling or cries for help*https://www.aging.com/falls-fact-sheet/ 
 Hopefully, it will hang in our office and remind us of all the great people we've worked with and the amazing stuff our users have built. If your sticker is represented in here, you are obligated to vote for me. 
 To further help these patients AlzHelp, which as it grows in the coming years, gains recognition, we realize we will have a database of patients of some mental disease affected patients. We can share the data, keeping in mind security and privacy norms, with medical organizations which might be needed for drug trials, some motivating thoughts and speeches, guidelines for the family of such people, or even apps like NetMeds or 1Mg which might get them medicines and substancialy lower rates. This will also create a revenue source for AlzHelp, which we can reuse in app betterment, or for furtherment of interests of the Company. 
  
  
 OkPerk.com comes with huge potential for business and viral organic growth. The best part is, once a brand or influencer activate their community with OkPerk, they would be sticking on to us for a long time. *Going live in beta with the 80+ Instagram influencers and brands in our waiting list who's average audience size is 5000 Instagram users and has the potential to bring in 100k fan to their Kin powered community. *Implement auto-reward feature and include the freemium model.Scale-up :) Here demo video link: https://youtu.be/eo3UqKLLeWg 
  
 Going to propose ETHGlobal sponsors to use this Dapp for upcoming hackathons and different real-world events. 
  
  
 The next step for the AR Voice Control and ML Hand Sign Ninjutsu Battle Simulator is to build a version of it that works for a smartphone. We already prototyped the hardware for the hologram display, all that is left is an innovative idea for the software components. After that is done, the product is ready to find early adopters from the anime fans and other markets.   
 Some improvements that I wanted to implement, but didn't have time included:Putting this project on Heroku or some similar service. As it is, it's actually very close to being ready to be put into production, however, I simply didn't end up having time.Using a translation API to translate lines to a foreign language and back, in order to get more rhyming material to work with, while still staying factual. 
 I thought that if I have time to modify this I will add In-game coins, In-app purchases, coloring points, new drawing designs, new paining tools, and add a multiplayer drawing to it. I will add Artificial Intelligence to it so he tell that who wins in the Multiplayer battle.  
  
 We think RunMate is a fresh and healthy way for urban joggers to discover new running routes and like-minded people in the city. We wish to push this idea out and test the market reaction once it is approved by AppStore and Play Store. Our team is eager to see this app to grow in the future and will continuously to add new features to enhance RunMate. We hope you would like this app!Packages usedmeteor-base             # Packages every Meteor app needs to have mobile-experience       # Packages for a great mobile UXmongo                   # The database Meteor supports right nowblaze-html-templates    # Compile .html files into Meteor Blaze viewssession                 # Client-side reactive dictionary for your appjquery                  # Helpful client-side librarytracker                 # Meteor's client-side reactive programming librarystandard-minifiers      # JS/CSS minifiers run for production modees5-shim                # ECMAScript 5 compatibility for older browsers.ecmascript              # Enable ECMAScript2015+ syntax in app codeiron:routerrandomaccounts-facebookservice-configurationstevezhu:lodashzimme:active-routeanti:fakegwendall:swingzeroasterisk:cordova-geolocation-backgroundaccounts-uierasaur:meteor-lodashmeteoric:ionicmeteoric:ionic-sassmeteoric:ionicons-sasssacha:spinraix:eventddpcheck 
  
  
  
 More sophisticated language models. More personalization, and use of user profiles. 
 Already made the menu curve. Fixed some small stuff. I would like to integrate it with a game or something. I'll probably do that at a hackathon. I might add like space lazors or something fun to the settings button.After the Leap 3D Jam, I'll put it on GitHub :p 
 MyBestProfiler has a long way to go. Interations and animations could get better and better for users and that's our goal.You can see a demo for this app here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYqUrCcMFrs&feature=youtu.be 
 Voice recognition transcription for mobile devicesAutomatic OCR recognition of typed digital documentsSearchable email recordsOur scalable indexing software expands user types and markets to historical organizations, libraries, academic collections, and additional family history partners. 
  
 Remove negative tone from chat and suggest a positive replacement.Using time stamps to retrieve messages rather than count. 
 Overhear is not a hackathon project that dies after the judging ends. Rather, we plan to use and improve Overhear as we, the users, find improvements and better uses. 
 We are looking forward for collaboration with Tieto and ISS towards releasing the app and making people happy!We a long list of desired features and possibilities of further improvement. Here are some of the most important ones:User Accounts with access groupsOption to track need of repairing itemsSmarter suggestions for the next issue to fix and the shortest route to the zone where the issue occurredUsing image recognition for automotive reporting (for instance, camera on the ceiling + artificial intelligence recognising how dirty the floor is)Introducing floor map editor (or connecting an existing one)Using data from TietoMore exciting gamification!Selling the platform dev access or the customised end product based on the platform to other businesses. 
 We plan to release Twenty Questions as a Alexa Skill SetWe would try to avoid our own server and integrate it completely within the Amazon LambdaWe plan to make patterns using multiple Spheros in futureWe plan to improve and provide all the features available with MapQuest API from Alexa 
 More options for the user (maximum amount of teams per pub at a time, minimum time spent at each pub)Prettier pdf generationBetter error catchingEncode parameters in the URLInclude an itinerary from Google Maps in the generated PDF 
  
  
 A much greater challenge I dream of is SMS messaging while driving. It will need an extraordinary amount of creativity, and maybe more powerful hardware resources, Moreover, I'm thinking of a next-level shared contacts, More like CRM-Mobile where account/project staff can share contact timings and notes while driving.  
  
 Our App will be able to leverage integrating with any Wearable or device that takes voice commands. 
 We are currently working on; improving the import function, Plug&Play Power BI integration, Power Apps, Enhancing Delve integration and always looking to improve the Office Add-ins.  
  
 I'm planning to scale it up to support various regions. I live in India, so I'll try to bring regional dishes also to the skill. Also instead of an external API, I'm planning to build up my own AI model which can generate new recipes from available ingredients ( It would be a very nice experimental feature) Also Planning to provide step by step visual instructions to follow the recipe in the near future.Thank you! 
  
 Our next step is to convert our program into a database software that includes more information about substance abuse and better help affected users find adequate treatment.  
 Nothing. Because it's tired and defeated.GithubHere's the repo I guess 
 Stay tuned! 
 Integration with social networking sitesRankingMultiplayer 
 In the next couple of weeks we would like to add new features into the app like push & local notifications. In the end of February we would like release it on the Appstore as a free app. 
 1)  Improvement over NLP to understand users better.2) Interface improvements to make it even more comfortable to interact with. 
  
 Giving the customer an option to set and use customized fields from iGlobe CRM.  
 Add videos for victory at the end of every level.Learning from user behavior and accordingly get opponent scores. (higher for better players, lower for beginners)Add 1-2 levels/week for new content.Add functionality for knowing the current score of a player. 
 Publish it live in the next few months 
 AggieEye can be further integrated with TAMU's Event Registration System and MaroonLink to automatically fetch and populate events across the campus. The Augmented Reality module can be supplemented with support for complex 3D stickers. 
 Top Priority - Supporting Android M.  Features for pausing/resuming videosJoining the server after video has startedPlaylist supportBetter recommendations for activity 
  
 We would like to increase our users to all over Indonesia, even to overseasWe want to find investors to fund our operation, especially to hire great time of software engineers 
 Given more time, we’d like to integrate $0.99 in-app purchases to replenish your portions when depleted. We’d also like to integrate location-based services so that you can match based on proximity. We want to integrate food varieties, i.e. the Italian food track, the Ethiopian food track, etc. The opportunities are endless. 
 In this phase, the game we have proposed is a slot machine, but the concept still valid for other kind of games.Detailed descriptionMotiFun aims to give Trello users a competitive environment to earn tangible prizes.  The motivation can indirectly improve the productivity in the work place. This is accomplished by combining the fun element and the serious element in an engaging and motivating environment.MotiFun is based on two concepts; work to earn points and play to win prizes. For this MotiFun need a a super user to assess card and propose and offer real prizes. The board is considered a project, the board administrator is the project manager and members are considered collaborators.The board administrator can asses cards by giving points (from 1 to 5) and members delegated to this card receives the equivalent points.For each board, the prizes are created by the board administrator (settings) by given each one the required points (ex: prize 1 needs 30 points to gamble on). Only board members that have points greater or equal to the prize points can choose it and try to win it.To start the game, the member must choose at least three prizes to gamble on (this is to give them a chance to win one of them). If he wins a prize, this latter is deleted from list of prizes. The chosen  prizes are color-coded as Gold, Sliver or Bronze according to the their points (First, Second and Third).For the moment MotiFun offer a slot machine game with two rounds daily and nine attempts, in the future, more games can be integrated to gives members more choices.After starting the game for the first time, it may take a few seconds. Please be sure that the Unity Web player Plug-in https://unity3d.com/webplayer/ is installed and the browser is compatible.By clicking on the start button the game randomly change the prizes until the stop button is clicked. The quit button closes the game.  The condition to win is to have at least one from the three prizes of the same type aligned in the same row.If a member win a prize a Card is created in a list called ‘winners’  that show information about the member and the prize he has won.Textures & Materialshttps://www.assetstore.unity3d.com/en/#!/content/50243 
 We'd like to enhance the developer experience with more beautiful UI improvements and more explicit logging, while increasing test coverage. 
 the next thing to do will be adding more devices to the app, designing a better UI and making the app a comprehensive home automation system. 
 I need to do power calculations to see how long it could last on a battery as it would not be feasible to have this plugged in.  Also, I would need to find a Curie board with a smaller footprint than the Arduino 101 so I can mount it easier, preferably inside the existing gate, or the whole thing should be put in some type of enclosure for safety and aesthetics.  I'd also like to get the BLE working with the sleep states and find a cheap BLE gateway it could communicate with to connect to the internet and send text messages when the gate has been opened for too long.I'd also like to look into a simplified version of this using just a 555 CMOS timer.  The core functionality of this project quite honestly does not require a microcontroller.* http://pediatrics.aappublications.org/content/early/2012/03/07/peds.2011-2314 
 I am planning to improve performance of IoTyre app and once its up to the mark, then I planned to launch its Beta version in market. 
 We are planning to publish it on Google Play and see how the people uses it.Packageskadira:flow-routerkadira:blaze-layoutaccounts-facebookservice-configurationdburles:google-mapsmdg:geolocationmsavin:mongolchuangbo:cookiematerialize:materialize@=0.97.0meteorstuff:materialize-modal 
 We hope that this "hubapp" and additional future hubapps will become, with the help of the meteor community, the basis for a meteor based open source integration platform that will drastically cut down the development time of advanced cloud extension, integration and automation apps, as meteor did for web development. We'd like the platform to eliminate most of the boilerplate code required by integration and automation apps, such as code that deals with one-way-sync, two-way-sync, webhooks and pulling, identity mapping, fields changed, data filtering and mapping UIs, and much more. 
  
  
  
 Make higher fidelity models and textures so that the environment feels nicer 
  
  
  
 Artisell has the potential to be a HUGE product. It taps the currently untapped market of rural artisans and their goods. By acting as a sole middleman and providing great experience for both buyers and sellers, this can be a huge huge business.In terms of functionality, we still need to fix a lot of things related to the caching of data. There are a lot of edge cases that still need to be handled. 
 Our A.I. Blocker performs less effectively against some adversarial defenses, e.g. Robust Optimization and Certificates.[4] To overcome this, we can apply 2nd-order gradient information in our future work to generate better-performing adversaries against these defenses. One feature that we did not manage to fully implement was a Universal Adversarial Attack to pre-compute and transform the images in a O(1) constant-time operation for the adversarial step.[1] However, this comes at the expense of less robust A.I. Blocker. Other than improvements to the Adversarial Noise approach, there is also room for improvement for the Adversarial Patch approach. One such improvement can be the use of clever geometry to blend the patch into the image more seamlessly, such as an Adversarial Frame around text. There are also better software engineering practices to implement the backend to reduce the number of times that TensorFlow, VGG and DenseNet are loaded in.References"Universal Adversarial Perturbations." 9 Mar. 2017, https://arxiv.org/abs/1610.08401v3."Adversarial Patch." 27 Dec. 2017, https://arxiv.org/abs/1712.09665."Explaining and Harnessing Adversarial Examples." 20 Mar. 2015, https://arxiv.org/abs/1412.6572."Towards Deep Learning Models Resistant to Adversarial Attacks." 9 Nov. 2017, https://arxiv.org/abs/1706.06083. 
 Android store? restyling, and using fragments instead of activities for everything.Ideally i want to write a server side version using twilio which allows people to text a number, get a prompt, send a picture through mms and do it that way as well. 
  
 To get a better response time from the Estimote Beacons and to allow the Beacons to alternate between the colors of the traffic light.  
 Lots of improvements can be added, such as speed retrieving data to user, fetching flight data after returning destinations, allowing user to change theme filters or create new ones, showing to user the locations filtered out and the reason why they were removed (this is implemented in the api side at least). 
 We want to introduce rare cats, power ups, web hosting to allow for people to verse each other on different computers, and different levels with new lofi hip hop beats.  
 • Partner with travel sites such as Amadeus, Expedia and Lyft and enable direct booking for hotels, car rentals,         flights etc from our site to drive more revenue and growth to our partners. • Build more features that make it even easier for users to compare numerous aspects of their travel experience         (e.g. other home sharing sites, star rating information, reviews, Yelp integration to search restaurants, coffee          shops etc nearby)• Because we’re also collecting a lot of travel data from users, all our partners (Sabre, Lyft Amadeus, Expedia,         etc) could benefit from our data and run targeted promotions based on the fluctuation of the travel economy.         E.g., if we share data that lets Lyft know there will be a large number of travelers to an area at one time, they         could push offers to their users for discounts on rides in that city, or send a call out to their drivers to have more         drivers in that area. • Data is king and we’re not only driving more customers to our partners but also giving them rich data that they         could use to grow and very specifically target customers/run campaigns.  
  
  
 Who knows? I'll try to do some validation to see if this is something that people will actually want/use, and if that results in positive feedback I'll do some more work on the UI and functionality and perhaps launch it. As I noted earlier, I'm not super certain that students are the best target market for this, so I'll also see if there's a better niche that I can serve with Aristotl! 
 Collaborate with organizations such as the UN Central Emergency Response Fund (CERF) and the Kenya Red Cross Society (KRCS) to increase the level of significance our servicesWe also want to go mainstream as soon as possible with the entry point being Mombasa, Kenya; campaign for more people to join the movement, integrate our services with WhatsApp and USSD services for easy access. 
 This is really a pretotype. I think it needs improvements, more features, proper project setup, etc., all the things I didn't have time for during this Hackathon.  
 Try out Magenta!Magenta is an open source Python library that explores the role of machine learning in the process of creating art and music. It would be amazing to integrate Magenta into Capriccio, either to extend music by matching our inputs against a database, or to generate chord progressions to enhance a simple melody.  
  
 In upcoming version (Smart Log V 2.0):Dashboard activity will be includedIt will list and track the logs(no.of success/failure,Export as Excel/PDF, statistics,etc) 
 