Travis is Traffic &amp; Road safety assistance app, that assists pedestrians, drivers &amp; passengers in realtime.
Making class diagrams is a pain, so we automated it. Let Lucidchart do the hard work.
ParkKing helps foster culture of parking discipline among citizens and manage their bookings &amp; violations online.
Others are going cloud—we're taking our top web-based add-on to OnPrem with cutting edge functionality in Confluence
Save valuable developer time and capture time directly from Jira. Now with worklogs and smart projects.
Changeant nos habitudes de déplacement pour un avenir meilleur / Changing our taxi trip habits for a better future.
Travis is Traffic &amp; Road safety assistance app, that assists pedestrians, drivers &amp; passengers in realtime.
Making class diagrams is a pain, so we automated it. Let Lucidchart do the hard work.
ParkKing helps foster culture of parking discipline among citizens and manage their bookings &amp; violations online.
Others are going cloud—we're taking our top web-based add-on to OnPrem with cutting edge functionality in Confluence
Save valuable developer time and capture time directly from Jira. Now with worklogs and smart projects.
Changeant nos habitudes de déplacement pour un avenir meilleur / Changing our taxi trip habits for a better future.
Off-road driver assist BOT thats helps drivers to identify potholes on street, Especially on terrain regions 
Basic model to detect breast cancer.
Indra, your personal assistant is here to help you get around safer and smoother in Indore
Prediction of the probability of the movement of the stock
A Real-Time Chat App
Image Editing Made Super Easy
ChedliTaxi is the “snap-cab” application that lets you instantly catch a taxi without having to wave your hand !
What You Need to Know in the Palm of Your Hand
Intel Curie based WSN System for Scalable Distributed Control System in Satellites and Launch Vehicles
 bl
DocSynk. Your Healthcare. Synchronized. 
Connecting Social, Mobile and Cloud
Lets stop living a lie
A Thermal Imaging app that helps detecting people and animals at Forest meant for forest
Call Serena with press of a button
Your personal traffic assistant helping you hop out the hurdles over the road guided by your own police department.
Hexa Survivor is a minimalistic yet highly addictive game experience allowing you to earn Kin crypto! Simply tap left or right to avoid touching the hexagon border and perform successful escapes!
Cycle Control allows the user to control the Lifecycle of release or program using stages, milestones and checklists
Traffico - Educate people by generating voice alert by using Artificial Intelligences if they breaking traffic rules
Group JIRA email notifications and send them as a digest at a scheduled date/time
An All-in-One App that can help you to identify shortest path using Public Transport, nearest Parking and Safety Tips
Generate reports using SQL queries
A Chrome extension to combat fake news and expose readers to differing political viewpoints.
This app lets you find jobs around you using location based services.
It is a web app that runs on any web browser and allows you to handle your Linux based DNS, Web and Mail server.
↑ ↑ ↓ ↓ ← → ← → B A ⇧ ↩
Hsuehshan Tunnel Traffic Transformer-The Pioneers of 4G Technology and Big Data
 Efficiency taxi sharing based on geoposition, empty seats, riders networking data and artificial intelligence (AI)
The project contains models that can be added to the UI Path Power Up and can be used to automate processes for apps
Record your screen and voice. Share instantly to JIRA and HipChat.
Remote workers often miss out on the “watercooler” conversations that drive important decisions.
Sort a report according to issue type changes in all issues inside project.
Comprehensive Indoor tracking, control and monitoring solution
Making commuters life easy!
“Water &amp; Things Connected” ‘Save water, the smart way!’
Create IT documentation in minutes, not hours!
Artificial Intelligence who help you share a taxi ride
This snippet can download the attachments from emails
predictive algorithm implementation on the datasets.
Metropia reduces Hsuehshan Tunnel traffic by rewarding drivers for choosing smarter times, routes, and destinations.
There are a large amount of solutions for elderly and blind people. However, no solutions for elderly blind people. This leads them to face limited effective solutions, hence Elderly Vibrations.
Send and receive Emails with your phone completely offline using a simple phone Call or SMS
This snippet identifies whether pdf is native or scanned and moves the file in the respective folder
Your personal fashion assistant
A personal assistant to help immigrants grow their network, prepare work documents, and connect with communities while moving to a new country.
To develop or build an android application that works with image recognition using Azure Computer vision to classify cells infected with malaria in the lab to bypass the process of manual counting.
Play fair Casino games with your crypto tokens. Slots, Blackjack, Roulette
Compete with your friends in this intense and addictive Wizard Duel game ! 
MuseFind Redesign
Wondering how your website is doing? Just ask Alexa for the page views !
Memora Health is a platform for automated clinical follow-up and care coaching.
Warp Post is a Twitch Panel that allows viewers to easily alert a streamer when a package is on the way to them.
Never struggle with parking
Get Connected, Get LITT
Android based object and voice recognition AI allowing the visually impaired to safely navigate foreign environments
The next step into the future of smart classroom
Multiplayer airplane combat simulator
sober.AI is an artificial intelligence web-app for giving easy, quick &amp; accurate sobriety tests with computer vision
Viewers Interact With Streamers Using Special Effects Over Interactive Overlays and Panels
Smart gardens at their best
HTML Prototype for a proposed SMS enabled chat-bot and page that caters to queries related to HIV and sexual health.
A Platform Where Sellers Find Buyers
A community-based &amp; crowdmapping application that provides a virtual companion to enhance street safety.
Human have short term memory, so we always disappoint by forgetting to text. Holla! takes care of that!
Watch the best, not the rest.
Love using Facebook Messenger? You will love doing your calculations without leaving your lovely Facebook Messenger!
encouraging recycling with smart image-recognising dustbins
Providing access to the technical field of medicine with an AI that streamlines the health literacy process.
Real time monitoring for Diesel Gensets
abc
A Healthy City is a Smart City
IoT based app to enhance human productivity by automating manual steps needed in household grocery management.
The face is more honest than the mouth can ever be. emoCam literally provides you with the best insights on how your customers or employees feel about your business. 
An immersive VR math education and visualization tool for multivariate calculus.
Improving alertness , efficiency and safety , your travel companion in Detroit
let wells be smart now
Simplify exploratory session planning, documentation, and reporting within Atlassian JIRA.
Tap in the power of collective community intelligence to determine which transport routes are better.
Reduce the consumption of refrigerators by just circulating the air in the rear.
A smart bot for managing software teams
There is no better expert than you...
Mobile social media integrated app with push notification and real time interaction with the user' contacts.
Your Dream Farming is Now in Your Power Hand
A 3D learning and interior decoration VR (Virtual Reality) app
Channel for Indore residents who want to volunteer &amp; streamline road traffic by reporting rule violation, alerts etc.
Make Python great again
Simple, versatile and real time health analytics
Code that fixes itself
Real time parking lot availability monitoring powered by computer vision and full parking feature suite
EI Analytics for Human Resources and Project Management
An excel add in to invoke rest API calls from excel itself
Never miss an issue update on your JIRA Cloud again
Manage Emails &amp; Teams through your email window
Create HTML reports from your HootSuite search streams
Car Sharing with persons of your same university or company!
A real-time heart rate monitoring system
Ripples is a system that encourages water conservation by combining device control policy and social reinforcement.
A website to help tourists visit Montreal and its beautiful landmarks
SAP script actions into UiPath activities through DLL interface provided by SAP.
This setup includes an AI based IOT edge device that can detect and notify people when an infant is left in a hot car. 
A simple intranet platform for small and medium businesses
Blood Alcohol Meter uses a simplified Widmark formula to calculate the Blood Alcohol content promoting safe driving.
Our trash can revolutionizes waste disposal by verbally assaulting ignorant fools who DARE dispose of their waste in the incorrect bin.
Publish a live updating DDP API for any existing REST API with no coding required
Tackling stereotypes in a fun way! Plus, we keep things platonic~
The LEGO power strip. We built it smart, modular and connected.
What did the world look like through Van Gogh's eyes? Enter into his painting to find out.
Our smart contract incentivises reuse with WRCs for quantity AND quality. ML algos are used to detect meter fraud.
Discover a new horizon for research.
Chrome extension that identifies fake news
A productive, portable, pragmatic educational platform to interconnect students currently studying for their GCSE's. 
We want to help make a world where the power of open data platform results in actions to help individuals feel safe.
Assemble a team of min-mins to battle enemies and create an unstoppable army!
An app dedicated to facilitate instant donation of blood from the donors to patients through the hospital system. 
Montreal's own cryptocurrency
Kanoah CRM organizes and streamlines your sales process right inside JIRA
The smart way of managing contaminants in a recycle bin
Because you deserve to fly more and fly cheaper
A dynamic and responsive web app to extrapolate, crowd source, cross-reference, and visualize agricultural data sets
The social network where members offers and demands routes to share their car, taxi services or bicycle plans.
Creating Incident / Request in Service Now using Uipath
An interactive app which allows user to lend and borrow books. 
Let your colleagues contribute by inputs and reviews so the document will be completed fast without missing anything.
In emergency don't blink , start glaring
The van sharing platform for commute. We create crowdsourced routes, to build reliable on-demand transportation.
provide better driving experience by an android app
Validate what you eat simply by pointing your camera to the list of ingredients; curated for your allergies or diet
Taxi rides are convenient but costly. We want to give access to affordable taxi rides anywhere, anytime, to anyone.
Leverage the power of Appian, Automation Anywhere and AI to automate the Recruitment process which enables companies to automate the process of manually sourcing qualified candidates
Connect with anyone in an instant
Simplifying the recruiting process by automating the screening levels using Alexa VUI.  
Operational Excellence through Improved Visibility 
An apparel-based social enterprise, funding effective solutions to mosquito borne diseases the world over
A messenger chat bot to collect travel preferences over chat and send them to travel agents for customized packages.
transform, move, crop, resize, text, brush, watermark, 
Fuji is a fully-functional iOS web IDE that includes a fully-functional simulator.
Effortless, fire-and-forget Amazon refunds when prices change
Share your recipes instantly!
Access Granted demystifies interview questions and provides a platform to practice and gain fluency responding.
Removing the salt effects of drought catastrophes. One ion at a time.
IFTTT-like triggers for healthcare information and discharge followup
Group communications in Outlook made easier
We build a real time and potential software to help both residents and official to reduce and control car flow. 
Automatic video-feed shooter detection
Ask Alexa if your school bus is on time !!
With Mood Buddy, you can listen to calming music from nature, exercise, write journals, and track your mood.
Challenge your spelling and handwriting skills
A machine learned video summarization algorithm and app
Electronic Application Transformation for the National School Lunch Program
Twitch chat sentiment analysis for streamers
Voedsel is online street food delivery idea with a tag line - Experience your food at your time, at your place, of your taste 
RPA is not only about the Robot but also the User
Terra is a mobile application for exciting walks. Explore the map, dissipate the fog and discover new interesting places for yourself. Travel in a new way!
Open up your stream to a global audience and break down language barriers with real-time translated chat for viewers!
Team Secrets protects sensitive information in JIRA with end-to-end encryption and viewer verification
Bust the Stress!
A Hands Free Mobile VR Fantasy Adventure where exploration and interaction unlock the secrets of an exciting world.
Help new arivals feel welcomed by residences by asking direct every day questions. Let's close the gap, start to gab.
Quickly add Delve tags to your documents you are currently working with. Never leave the flow!
Get key information from your team - continuous information flow with only 20 seconds of playful administration
 in order to save sea ecosystem, we cant miss a single part of it. #saveTurtle
Calculated Agriculture Support &amp; Recomendation Engine.
The web application that can search text on the content of video files and direct you to the portion of the video 
we tried to make it tamper proof
Embark on an emotional adventure through the wastelands as Aoi, an android in a future post-apocalyptic world
Steer your Virtual Workforce with Savvy Insights
A Chrome extension that speaks the visual features of an image for blind and visually impaired web users.
the relation between your notes and your emails is always complicated, using stickymail your note and mail become one
Experience the world we live in from tiniest elementary particles to the vast galaxy superclusters.
If you're not on the list, you're not coming in...
Unassuming tinder for places,intelligent travel itinerary generator, flight fare search simplifier and culture tourism boosting local language translation support
Spreading happiness through prayer &amp; community
Moving forward to a cashless and cardless society, using face recognition for point of sale transactions
Access the internet, without needing the internet.
Social Strata, the best condominium app.
No Food Wasted is a platform to tackle food wastage and feed underprivileged.
A Hint of Urban Romance
share a story...report an emergency!
Automedication
The idea is to use the design of a birdhouse, that inside, install the Arduino 101 &amp; SeeedStudio Grove Shield.
Optimizing shipping supplies by effective communication between the stakeholders 
A webapp for collaborative document viewing designed for students to study together effectively.
A Power-Up you wanted so long and hard
HackNC 2016
Simple, friendly, and responsive form to apply for free and reduced price meals.
It's like Pong but better
Witness your future success.
An app makes donation and recycling of goods easier.
The user have to hit the plates with the balls.
Swipe right to share or receive produce in your area!
Delivering timely , efficient care and treatment to Parkinson's disorder patients
Power-up Telegram
Windows made easy! 
Facilitating the donation and delivery of menstrual cups to Vancouver shelters
Businesses need help managing potential clients. The app manages the communication, allowing business to beClosing.
Fly on a magic carpet through the mystical land of Bazaar, collecting exotic curios to aid your exploration.
Sharemail
An app for the cook of every household to conveniently keep track of RSVP and plan the recipe for the next meal.
Non-datascientists users can now train machine learning models by simply asking their robot to do it for them
Just breathe... your feet will be in your control again.
Convenient estimation method for teams across different time zones
Opportunity for mute people to use mobile phones most important feature - calling.
Mileage pricing for Truck Tires supported by ioT. Cents per mile, not $per tire. Increase Fleet productivity.
Help Willie &amp; Dee save their town! Guide them through the river &amp; collect magical fruit.
The only skill which allows you to plan trips locally and discover the local delights in a city whenever, wherever.
Your home security assistant for both elderly and young children when you're at work
I Laugh You - feel Happy, spread Happiness
Email Analytics on Steroids: Beyond numbers and into personality traits and mood
We automate your research
Export UiPath project to a technical document
Wear your attitude
A online musical collaborative experience built with meteor
Catch the Size
Frictionless realtime audience feedback
Read people's minds as they read your documents
Maneja tu mar (Well Manage your sea)
A Siri app like which is a guide, spoken in the person's language and is able to translate and scan docs..
We connect people that want food delivered with others already at nearby restaurants using the Alohar Mobile SDK
Search for your dream job ... by asking Alexa
Clean India Healthy India
Take DevOps to the next level with ChatOps for Heroku and manage your applications in chat
LED dress that turns you into the Disney Princess you are singing!
სამაგიდო ბიზნეს-თამაში
Easily view your 2D and 3D models, geographic data structures, PDF and CSV files directly on Bitbucket pages
Omegabase provides a social platform where students can practice questions and learn from each other.
Allows teams to clearly and concisely start, configure and track innovation initiatives in your organisation.
Artificial intelligence webapp and API to enable monitoring of the elderly with automatic alerts in case of emergency
Using twitter data to understand mental illness and its cause to empower the Government to help individuals.  
An app that lets Mexico City Users to easily Call on a Taxi, Carpool.&amp;  check Fuel Needed by Leveraging OpenXc Data
Metrobus Seat Booking,Chating, Reports, Making Friends, Public and Private Carpooling has been easier than ever....
A smart innovative idea on encouraging people to practice kitchen gardening to save water
DRIFT is the first bullet simulator for VR.
An app that leverages Hsuehshan Tunnel and OpenXc Datasets to provide realtime traffic information every 5 minutes
A model based crash predictor
Present any Confluence page effortlessly and directly in your Browser
For curly haired girls to communicate and share tips/routines for hair care, to embrace their natural hair
A simple icon for Meteor packages. Done in 58 lines of JS.
AppLetic is a fitness-based social media webapp that allows users to post their individual progress and socialize. 
An app that places the politics of the moment in the palm of your hand
Imagine allows users to paint in a whole new medium: virtual reality. Users can paint unconstrained with 81 colors.
Intelligent chatbot logistic provider that allows you to manage packages to be delivered for your customer
Une application web qui offre une expérience d'épicerie augmentée!
A social networking app that allows users to keep in touch with randomly selected friends
branding done with popularity index
Drive with active light guide for best speed and safe distance in tunnel
An app provides alternative route recommendations and speed recommendation in the tunnel.
Intelligent Home Monitor Chat Bot
Browse the internet... without data.
Connects women with shelters that have tampons/pads and connects donors with organizations in need.
Use Outlook as the place to manage all your SharePoint and Planner tasks
We can get data out of your computer wirelessly - even if you don't want us to!
Solution to the supernode problem with indexes on supernodes
Fast, Scalable and Portable Local Business Recommender Microservice powered by Apache Spark
Wishpir App is standalone application to demonstrate the API's. To test their connectivity without any support.
MiFi relieves you from the pain of manually entering Wifi Password
A free app that keeps you on track with travel alerts.
Run HP ALM / Quality Center Test Sets from Bamboo and Integrate results with JIRA
The alarm that actually gets you up
When working with Neo4, sometimes you need to create custom procedures to handle advanced use cases. This project aims at making it easier to do load testing on them with JMeter.
ANOTHER Werewolf app... but different!
Help those with Alzheimer's remember their loved ones.
Interest delegating DAI with smart DeFi Recipes
App that allows USA Farmers to visualized their idea crops and also allows information exchange via a social network
Convergely is a set of everyday tools for teams that make decisions using a communication tool like Hipchat.
Feel safe with SentryAI on the watch.
Every pedestrian's companion
La ville connectée au service  des pompiers : par le contrôle des lumières
An end to end solution for assisting and improving the lives of homeless individuals.
The RDP login process is automated
Like a common virtual pet games, your pets need to be fed to grow up. You can buy food by Ethereum. However, you can still withdraw your money whenever you need. So, let your pet save your money !
Demographic dimension applied to Yelp Business data
Real Time Data from Milpitas area with Beacons and Route
Building a friendlier web community with sentiment analysis.
Providing you with easy and cost effective ride to your destination. Request ride or Join other riders to pay less.
Manage trashcans on the map to help the people to find nearby trashcans, report filled ones and get rewarded.
It's not Tinder for Fish. 
Open Tickets in JIRA Service Desk for Twitter and Facebook messages directly from Hootsuite
An AI-powered health assistant that provides recommendations in a more intuitive way than ever before.
A dating app where you can "ship" others, making you the matchmaker. What are you waiting for? Let's set sail!
The power of handwriting to control your devices
Everything we do is driven by time. Get more out of your time with Task Tracker
The new way of embracing emotions
Dynamically re-distribute the duration of green-lights at intersections in order to reduce total wait time.
Save a Life is an application that teaches you CPR in a modern way, and empowers you to help save someone’s life!
Captain Clark Adventures is a Point &amp; Click game where you play a captain who tries to escape from a pirates' island.
Allocate your assets across multiple DeFi protocols in one transaction. Save time. Save gas.
Like GTA, but multiplayer, located in Cambridge Corn Exchange.
Improving accessibility by helping people see what they cannot hear. 
 App recognizes the fish from image, informs the non-expert fisher about legality of catching the fish, records data.
Machine learning based Signature Verification
Earn some money whenever you're buying your food
Run game with meteor for Meteor 2015 Global distributed Hackathon
UnStoppable Makes JIRA Accessible for the Visually Impaired.
The resources for the present are the debt for the future
Being stylish is easy! Use ColorMe to find clothes that suit you the best.
A complex multi-faceted solution that will reduce the number of accidents and deaths due to distracted driving.
No longer imagine what you'd look like as Kanye - be Kanye today!
By using artifical Neural Networks, we coded from scratch a self driving car and an environment to test it in!
Creating a more advanced and specialised Mosquito trap using sound frequencies as attractors, and a self-sustainable power source. 
The number of firefighter injuries has increased by over 28% in the past 30 years. Our team sought to tackle this issue by creating a novel helmet utilizing IOT to improve firefighter safety.
We turn product release planning into a party for the whole user community.
Be aware while driving, the ups and downs on your roads can cause some serious problems.
A Motivator that somehow creates quite the opposite result. 
Push Nagios Incidents in Jira &amp; Resolve them Faster
email generator
Create, send, and track e-signature documents in Confluence for your fastest, easiest approvals
Picking up litter...gamified. Integration of game mechanics to encourage large scale trash collection.
Automate Trello in plain English.
Speedy search for Confluence as a browser extension
Turn your family tree into a rich, visual timeline of your family history to share and explore with your whole family
A chrome extension that targets cyberbullying
Getting Excel Data from Citrix environment into datatable.
Ops on the go!
A React webapp used to track water usage, and encourage saving water through helpful tips and a competitive leaderboard.
Finding is a immersive action-adventure game in a fantacy world.VR Finding, we are finding! 
A Real-Time Strategy game on a holographic tabletop battlefield.
"MA TAXI" : est une application qui va vous aider à trouver et à réserver un taxi facilement
Improving the hospital experience for parents and children
Vector Graphics based Drawing app for Faster and Easier Drawing!
Farming at hand
Bot to bid travel rides from any corner of the city
A simple endless runner representing a big metaphor and wrapped up in a beautiful environment.
Growing plants using Facebook messenger bot and community knowledge.
We believe in SME! Join the collections movement. 
A decentralized ERC20 Options Trading platform to hedge against your crypto investments by leveraging profits and managing risks.
Learn, Cook, Share!
Athena is an app for smartphone and smartwatch. Our main goal is safety, women safety!
our application will give the citizen his location so the taxi driver will get it in the app and go to take him
TaxiGO  is an application inspired from the practices of the Moroccan drivers
Patentability is a hybrid app for innovators to review their ideas on the go.
A web service for discovery of destinations matching your expected weather conditions (and hints on how to get there)
Say goodbye to confusion over your dog's wellbeing.
A chat bot that can answer questions related to pregnancy
An approachable, friendly, school lunch application that reduces stress and increases comprehension.
Adaptive AI meets Behavioral Economics to prevent, treat, and predict addiction disorders.
Modified Camera for Visual Thinking &amp; Creative Organization
Modified algorithm to assign most optimal path for better navigation
An online chat app that aggrerates users based on their proximity.
Sick of waiting for manga with translated text to come out?Well, you've come to a right place!
Like a common virtual pet games, your pets need to be fed to grow up. You can buy food by Ethereum. However, you can still withdraw your money whenever you need.So, let your pet save your money !
Experience the thrill of escaping life from death
Not your Parent's Travel Recommendation System
Androids dream is an overview of a cyberpunk city from a flying car.
Have you ever wanted to buy a phone from your bed? Our app helps give you a real feel for it and decide what you want
Ever played air guitar and no sound came out? We got you covered. Uses phone/webcam, supports 4 instruments.
Take your avatar into the real world - pose, select Instagram filter and take pictures to post to feed!
Making millennials smart, savvy, and safe with their finances!
No need to write your contact information on the things that can be lost or misplaced again.
You are Big Brother's eyes and ears. Prevent the crime before it's committed... or pay the consequences.
Crowdsourced real-time transit information.
An eCar &amp; bus only carpool lane in Hsuehshan tunnel
A platform for rewarding open source contributors through the blockchain. 
Smart voice assistant for women safety
Consolidate issues from remote Cloud and Server JIRAs into one agile board.
Quiz based on questions on rivers in US
A JIRA Integrated Mobile Application for Interactive Agile Estimation and Planning
Trigger &amp; get the status of your builds with your voice, without having to log into a computer!
Share your SnapGlass.es snapshots to help promote better eyesight through eyeglasses!
An improvisational AI that unleashes the creative power of an entire orchestra to music producers and artists
A toy train, controlled by a Raspberry Pi, running Meteor for the UI.
A way to run a bash shell through text messages
With TeXscribe, writing math in LaTeX is as easy as writing it by hand.
A procedurally-generated role-playing adventure game controlled with the voice.
Breaking Google's reCAPTCHA using Clarifai
save water save life
Intelligent drum machine that generates new beats, powered by the HTM
Taking notes has never been easier!
Turn Based Strategy Game built in 24 hours
Aquareness is a new way to increase water awareness and monitor water consumption.
A trust able crowd-sourced corpus generator
Find snow reports, chain control and road conditions for ski areas in Tahoe.
Giving students the discounts they deserve. 
Every year, millions of people suffer from undiagnosed concussions. BrainBud offers a quick and easy head injury detection test using computer vision and NLP.
Outpour lets you easily and meaningfully express appreciation for the special people in your life :)
Slice and dice your data with powerful custom reports, directly within JIRA - no spreadsheets required
Lunchbox — easy, intuitive, and adaptable. How the next generation of kids will apply to the school meal program.
Projet web
Tandem is a software startup that will revolutionize hospital communications, with an initial focus on the ER.
We want you to be part in the waste recovery process
conf.io is a platform for the developers community that helps organizers to pick best talks in a CFP
Finding curious correlations between IoT sensors and different open data
Geographic Information System for Tourist in Banyuwangi based on Website Application
Virtual Scrum Master is your project companion to make sure that your work is well managed and well organized.
Hacking Facebook to Provide Free Unlimited Cloud Storage
Have fun with the multiplayer functionality!
An action packed game with giant space penguins! This exhilarating game will get your blood boiling! 
Take photos every day and share them on a calendar with your groups
A modular voice controlled helmet attachment.
Save time. Save money. Save the world.
We crowdsource tourguides!
Congratulations, you played yourself!
Featuring Knurld
Project developed for the Vanhackton 2016
An overview of the things you want to keep track of.
making the indigenous culture popular and helping the charities and NGO that will enhance there language popularity.
graph embeddings for neo4j in python. 
Play the band with your friends using facial instruments
Reduce traffic, saves time and contaminates less. Quick hand-over of kids to their parents at the end of school day
A seafood traceability solution from the sea to your plate
A mapping algorithm utilizing machine learning to optimize nurse home visits through clusters of similar patients.
quick survey for better Response
Easy custom reports for JIRA Service Desk customers.
Tiny tanks decimate the landscape of a wargaming table in a turn-based artillery game from the founder of Sven Co-op.
პირველი ქართული საკომუნიკაციო აპლიკაცია.
"The Chosen One" trained with Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning and Generative Progressive Autocurricula
Gumball vending machines distributed inside the Callaghan campus that will encourage user participation to dispense small-seed-ball bombs made up of mosquito repellant plant seeds and natural compost
Website that helps families apply for free/discounted school lunch program
Bored? No idea where to go? We got you covered
A Maglev System Devoted to Energy Recycling, S.T.A.T.U.S. offers a practical and ecological solution to daily travel.
A Data-Driven HealthTech Recommender System for Smart Cities. Stay fit, healthy and safe with SmartLyfe.
A personal music playlist that will last forever. 
Build email apps in record time without coding
 iGofer is an Uber for local services, so it can be seen as a refined thumbstack and an open marketplace for services
theft prevention
Keyboard as Trackpad. It's exactly what you'd expect. asdfghjkl.
Precision real world measurements using just a mobile phone camera
360 live streaming VR app
Indispensable Excel apps you need daily – in a single tab.
The simple way to automate your team!
Flashcards that do the organizing for you and that will intelligently decide when next you need to review something
Making waves in the agricultural industry one data set at a time
V-Control allows the player to talk and issue commands to game caracters using natural language
Enter a topic and get matched with random people for a debate. As the convo progresses more peoeple will be thrown in
Empathy Match is a platform that helps you to find someone who understands you. 
A Neo4j Desktop application to visualize nodes with geographic attributes on a map.
A social network for developers.
A helpful app for Handymen, society and government
Une flotte d'autobus intelligents à la demande.
A melhor maneira de alcançar o seu destino.
With Menuer, you will never be lost in exotic restaurants (or other places) anymore.
Machine Learning based People Finding
Double check, because reverting email is expensive
Great interactive story with pen characters coming to life ! 
Make New Employees Integration Easy
Android app using maps to help pilgrims finding safty places.
For Anonymous, Paperless Receipts
Building The Bridge Between Languages @ Naijahacks2018 Hackathon Team UnifyConcept  #TeamUnifyconcept #NaijaHacks2018
Taking Drone Related Services To New Heights!
Implementing WRC through blockchain and smart contracts and preventing tampering of data with the use of ML and AI
Better jobs for changing world: an app that guides you to a job in your new home
Taking a cab in Morocco just got faster, cheaper, and safer 
Size and Speed Optimized Rubik's Cube Solving Robot
Can your BLACKBOARD listen to you? Storing and Managing data should be as easy as writing on a blackboard.
Plug and Play your IoT project into a rich web UI in a flexible and easy way
Innovating how medical professionals track patient nerve and muscle injuries
Collaborate to steer and maintain your steam submarine! Sink horrid monsters in an abyssal quest for magic Gems!
Helps you think before you type!
Live customer support chat control for your web sites, that uses Microsoft Teams as the backend admin interface
ShortStock uses ML neural networks to filter and customise news releases about companies to varied investing styles
Want to become a sustainable BADGER? Explore different ways on campus!
A tongue-controlled wireless device empowering interaction with the world around you
Complete Platform for C-Level Discussions 
BiCity is a social cyclist map for get points of interest, add reminders and send alerts to other cyclist!
Pure-play healthcare content platform for taking right decisions
Facilitating human connections in order to tackle social isolation and mental health problems
NaijaHacks
A model based tampering detection
We want you to be safe!
Bridging online Facebook community with the offline possibility to volunteer
An immersive augmented reality experience paired with Alexa to engage and teach kids about our solar system!
Informing and empowering LGBTIQ and allies about the travel choices they make.
Identifying skin diseases with deep learning
Ads for the terminal
UiPath PDF to Excel Extractor
Naija hackathon
A small pack of happiness to brighten anyone’s day
Improving mobility, one step at a time.
Capture the essence of fine-art masterpieces and apply to your own photos  
Classify your brainwave patterns with the HTM.
we use IOT technology to help Fisheries and Oceans Canada solve Asian carps spawning problems in the Great Lake
Realtime Social Integration for Transportation Enthusiasts
Create quizzes, assessments and tests in Confluence and share them with anyone by email
Virtual reality application for treatment of claustrophobia
An app to change the world
We take the hassle out of conference calling.
Emergency Automated Silent Caller
A simple and affordable iFrame macro for Confluence.
App Store and IDE for SMS-based Applications. Immediately deployable on the MS Azure cloud. Snapchat, Uber and more!
Groups component was created to connect Office Groups and SharePoint in order to get the best out of each program.
a secure local Ethereum wallet with hardware wallet support in Brave
A Fantasy Adventure Game for Mobile VR
A real-time Interactive Ecosystem for HealthCare, Businesses &amp; Educational System.
Voice Assistant for Microsoft Identity Manager that empowers IT Support staff to query MIM for IT Service requests
Swipe with a thinner wallet, and peace of mind.
Muerteor is a Deadman's Switch. It sends a message for you if you don't check in for a certain period of time.
A minty, cheap, discreet, cloud-connceted camera that aims to end police brutality and the dangers of walking alone.
Automation and Monitoring System for Aquatic Agriculture (Aquaponics, Hydroponics, Aquaculture)
Fast and configurable way of navigating across all your JIRA projects
Easily integrate EDI invoices into a RPA Accounts Payable (AP) process increasing process accuracy and scalability.
I just need :frog: to work!
We want to build an ecosystem for parents and psycho doctors. It is a place where parents can get advices from doctors about your child's problems
Decentralised marketplace for buying, selling and lending goods powered by Kyber and Compound
A series of unfortunate events. Soy milk edition.
Solve the mystery of your own mind to wake up from the coma!
A smart webpage for minimizing electricity costs and carbon footprint
Share files from your smartwatch!
Find the ideal crop based on irrigation cost and yield value by comparing and visualizing crop data and trends.
Polo is an asymmetrical game of cat and mouse developed for the GearVR.
An app that uses data modeling and machine learning to tell you where the pollution in a city comes from in 15 years
Inspired by the Flint Michigan Water Crisis, a cheap and continuous Arduino lead detector that can be accessed online
...library at your finger tips
This app automatically calls for help when some one had any accident
Indore Traffic Friend Your Buddy Your Assistant
Fool your computer, but not your friends! Generating adversarial "Quick, Draw" examples
The future of experience planning. Earn money traveling and plan your trips with friends.
A Real-time Geo-Tracking, PhoneCall and SMS Based Rescuing System for People in need of help
A Real-time Glucose Level Management System for Diabetic Patients
Monitor and Record your Ovulation and Fertility Cycle in Real-Time.
Distance Traveling Guide
A Real-time Breast Cancer Drainage Management System for Cancer Patients &amp; their CareGivers
Smart life jacket, A life saver in distress
Can you identify the sounds of animals? Do you know animals from all over the world? Learn a range of animal sounds.
Raydar increases visibility over the entire supply chain through network association mapping. 
Tired of reading long texts in your company Wiki? Just use the new reading mode for Confluence!
An efficient, digital way to score Archery tournaments.
We have developed an application that helps you decide what to do with your cryptocurrency using facial recognition.
Happious: a 21-day immersion in the science of happiness and productivity--with a little help from your friends!
Our first goal on this challenge was to redesign the landing page for the donation campaign from Cafu Foundation.
Tinder of borrowing and lending money. Look at the person, information and lend. Both way communication available too
Stop accidents before they happen with Acc!dont 
AverageExecutionTime (hours) Chart
Watch Netflix in your terminal in glorious, animated, 256-color ASCII!
Snap real products to find out more about its parent company from CrunchBase or buy it!
Your daily mobile health symptoms checker.
This project sends a message entered by the user during initial setup of app and sends the same when phone is shaken in danger.
A block pushing game
To finding our beloved devices back, cheers
Get an annoying call? Transfer them to Stewie.
A universal indoor positioning platform that can be curated and customized to enhance your experience at school.
ReMap is a dynamic, interactive map with the ability to distribute and express real-time subway information
Pairable teddy bears that let you hug someone from anywhere in the world.
Reinvent a child's and parents' hospital experience by making the whole process transparent and fun!
No fuss document share - Easiest way to send/receive documents on the go - So simple even a kid can use
A standalone Youtube player which allows you to see comments depending on what time you are at in the video.
Providing a web application with a better user experience for the audience; that's easy and effective!
An easy and quick way to unsubscribe from annoying newsletters.
"Teach me Tables" helps kids learn and memorize math tables in a new, interactive, visually appealing and fun way.
Leave your mark on the world. 
Recognize your emotions
Out with biased Internet, in with Web in Whatsapp Web
A VR Mystery Adventure™ Where Magic is Real and Nothing is as it Appears.
Reviews and Approvals for your Confluence Cloud documents
Remind the patient to take medicine
Future of Workforce Model Powered by BlockChain
Panic Button for the Smartphone Age
A smart assistant for current / potential McGill student who lost all hopes!
plugin, add-on, generator, jira server, jira cloud, atlassian connect
Use nusmods to find breaks with friends instantly!
Studies show the social aspect of exercise compels us to do more than we would otherwise. Make your workout happen!
gravitytank reinvented the F&amp;RL form to bring confidence, guidance, and reassurance to families completing it.
A messenger chat bot to assist the traveller in the airport
A robot that takes online quizzes and learns the answers over time. It utilizes the java robot class on the front end to interact with the quiz website and and an Amazon RDS server on the backend. 
Music for everyone.
The bro that will help you find your next AirBnB!
A real time localization platform that provides high resolution population density maps of network infrastructures
Want to be happy? Be kind.
Decentralized first responder network and secure emergency medical data delivery system
A better mobile experience for finding when and where a Ronald McDonald Mobile Care unit will be near you.
MasterMind implementation of Challenges One, Two and Three for Axiom Zen.
Crowdsourcing answers to questions one. piece. at. a. time.
Planning your ride through the city is a whole lot easier with TripGo!
Survivor finding system for people/animals.
My idea is for searching survivors who can't connect to the internet during a disaster.
ECG Anomaly Detection System using HTM
Blood imaging and analysis from your smartphone. Automated, cheap disease diagnostics + cell-counts within seconds. 
A tool for automatic information extraction from different sources and showing its influence on all flights
Introducing companies and contacts to JIRA
Send money to inmates to buy snacks, mp3's, make phone calls and more...
No Bank? That is why we are here!
Making mordern farming easy, fun and affordable for everyone
Rally: Easy events, none of the hassle.
VR Air Traffic Control Simulator
Let everyone have a chance on the Aux cord.
Ever been tired, thirsty and found it hard to pee? Here is a solution that is easy. The Smart Water Bottle. 
A game where you write &amp; edit AI code on the fly to fight in the arena!
A Distance Travels Guide
Bringing Adaptavist Test Management to JIRA Cloud
Autonomously generates music based on user-data, statistics, music theory and randomness.
Chatbot that will make your life at home easy
Make and receive calls without leaving a ticket with a seamless contact center integration for Jira Service Desk.
Gas cost profiling for Solidity Smart Contracts
Breaking cultural barriers preventing women from learning English through social cooking demos and image technology.
Run Android on your iPhone, instantly. 
...safety monitoring just got efficient
A personal RA for your freshman year in college who has solution to all your problems. 
A Smart Fridge that uses Computer Vision to log in food, keeps user updated by SMS, and provide recommendations. 
Accessibility for viewers, closed captions for viewers with difficulty or impossibility of hearing.
Look for people to drink with near you
Assign and distribute hackathon table numbers for your expo
A kinetic light sculpture
Photogrammetry based VR Sightseeing Experience.
You have Crash-landed on a hostile alien planet. Can you survive until rescue arrives?
Robot that follows pipes in search of leaks.
A reverse engineering bike light that can be controlled with a microcontroller
Manage AWS costs by tracking CloudWatch metrics in Jira Cloud
An extension that allow viewers to see where the streamer is looking at the screen. 
Pocketdoc is a mobile app which uses machine learning to advise cures to people with common recognizable symptoms
Butlr helps simply manage day to day tasks.
Booster Packs for ERC721 tokens: buy, sell, and trade sets of non-fungible tokens
Chrome extension to render LaTeX in Facebook Messenger with a live preview using the MathJax Javascript library.
String passwords suck. Biometrics are safer and faster. Dead simple Authentication.
Eva is an autonomous floating IoT hydrometeorology lab, she maps evaporation rates of rivers and canals worldwide. 
It puts healthcare in your hands. 
Easily increase the accessibility of your stream by adding Closed Captioning for your viewers

Convert Word documents to Markdown format on the fly
A cooperative team-building game that promotes synergy between parties of 2 to 10 players in the same room.
A game about the thrill of texting and driving.
Your notification storm is over
D-SiGN is a Weareable ASL to speech. 
Experience a stunning Mobile VR roller coaster ride!
A content summariser , video searching and phone broadcast tool along with cross platform chat and video calling. 
CoTaxiApp enable people in Rabat and Casablanca who are traveling in the same direction to share a taxi easily
Prepares restaurants for the new era by replacing waiters with a intelligent service to manage everything
Explore the Campus and Beyond!
Messaging protocol over a bluetooth mesh network.
A mind-bending cinematic platformer with dimension-altering puzzle mechanics and innovative VR gameplay
VIRTUAL HANDS: VirtPaint will give you the opportunity to draw without hands. You only need head movements.
Share and upvote screenshots of yours and others' desktop environments
Changing the way you reserve sports fields and community rooms in your city
Why can't the visually disabled have fun too?
 procedural, persistant, interactive shared state virtual coral reef, in your browser
Making internet available to people with no internet connection.
A conversational search for real estate listings in your area
Proofreading by voice - Expanding the circle of users contributing to Khan Academy content validation
the microSD in the stone.
Catch the cheapest flight fare with instant alerts in messenger
A new way of writing emails and a productivity tool to save time when sending identical emails and files.
Annotate image attachments and screenshots directly in your JIRA issue.
We colorized Jean-Luc Godard's Breathless (1960) using deep learning
Test your endurance in this new fast paced infinite runner - an addictively satisfying game
Visualize, speed up and improve your sprint estimates
Using the power of the Appian platform, enables the management of any type of complaint or service request made by employees in an organization.
Chat Heroes brings chat to life with animated characters as well as helps increase streamer support using bits.
Get paid to play your favorite games
NeWsquito: cultural accommodation and re-branding of the University of Newcastle Callaghan campus mosquito population.
education, expirience, game, bilogy, cell, nival, inmind
Try "Alexa, ask Fork On The Road" and the fork will help you make a decision.  Alexa Skill that uses dynamic 3D.
Registered Micro-financing for Low Income Populations
Understand every acre in minutes using aerial infrared photography.
Connect with like minded people nearby
A game about you, a pet robot, and a campsite by the lake.
Collaborative mobile app for construction professionals, home inspectors, maintenance companies, real estate owners
Hospital Appointment System
A wellness suite that assesses patients with anxiety disorders and transmits data to therapists
On demand self-driving buses using multi-parameter route optimizing aimed to help event and public transportation.
one click solution to present, record, transcribe and share presentations and lessons. 
Your face is your visit card!
XL Clipboard is the easiest way to share your event spreadsheets (i.e. guest lists, members, etc).
Easiest way to send and receive micro payments on the web
A comfortable VR adventure where you have fun exploring and interacting with a magical setting
Colosse: A story of colossal proportions: adventures in immersive and innovative Virtual Storytelling
Revolutionising the game industry by introducing a cross-platform multiplayer experience.
Save time in style
Diagraming in seconds in MS office
Private Wealth, real-time, in your pocket
A mobile 'green' assistant to help customer develop awareness and confidence on energy consumption using gamification
A simple way to learn about the health benefits of fruits, vegetables, and herbs.
Gradebook is a scalable, cross-platform information learning system analytics platform for high school students.
Supply Chain Tracking System in the Ethereum Blockchain
All your accounts, just a touch away.
Daily alerts on your hardware
ElderVision is a system that will alert your family if your elder falls.
Do you forget to text your Mum while you're travelling? Automatically send texts based on your location!
The Hackfury DAO is Decentralized Audit Organization for worldwide audits management build with DAOStack. 
Safe Travels equips you with the best tools to analyze crime in Philadelphia
Providing an immersive self-learning experience of human and animal anatomy using VR
Presentation Assistant for Gear2 and GearS
WeLearn it's a VR  E-Learning platform  that gives you an immersive learning experience on the 360° view you can have the Teatcher and the Presentation on 1 view
Android lockscreen equipped with neural network which learns your tendencies to protect your phone from intruders.
"Water from air to fight California's drought"
Report environmental issues , hold events and chat with fellow users in your vicinity
Empowering Welfare
LED pressure-sensing gloves enhance the fan experience and improve the atmosphere,making everyone able to Lit the Day
Unique computer generated music, free for everyone.
Host or Join local activities around you in real time, and discover new activities! 
Co|wear is collaborative fashion - a win-win for everyone from customers to the companies involved. 
Dylan is an home automation system operated with voice command from your mobile phone to control your entire house.
We enable users to take the right exit in their Subway/MRT/MTR/TUBE stations to get to their destinations faster
Collaborate on Confluence then publish to super fast Amazon AWS for public access and pretty URLs
Using HTM algorithms from NuPIC to perform automated incident detection Adelaide arterial traffic flows
Your face as a password!
A one step solution for events management.  
Website for organizing cheap business trips. 
Your family wants you to be safe, so do we!
Using revolutionary AR technology and with the help of Knuckles, never get lost again!
Find and Display Office 365 profiles on an interactive floor plan map.
Ask any question about your JIRA issues. Quickest way to generate reports,gantt charts,graphs.
A photo sharing website that uses whenhub to organize albums. A platform to preserve and share your photos and albums
Access administrative pages in Confluence from anywhere by typing '.' and the action name
All of your answers in one place
Enhance productivity with iGlobe E2S – e-mail2SharePoint Add-In for Outlook
One heck of a shot
Language learning using artificial intelligence
An android app facilitating projects for the community, by the community.
Time is money, robots will not add to your work
The unofficial part means I probably won't fix it when it breaks.
The first AI personal assistant for your whatsapp
Amazon Alexa Skills challenge: Kids 
Spin the wheel to find great online hackathons!
an excellent landing page for an excellent series of hackathons
SAVE MORE ENJOY MORE
Pulsar Arena is a rhythm based tournament in space.
WiSign is an ios app designed for people to learn fingerspelling in American Sign Language. We want to provide people with chances for communicating and understanding Deaf community with its culture.
Can't pick the ripest watermelon without splitting it open? Fear not! "melon" uses a neural network to predict the quality of watermelons through data collected by sound sensor and impulse deliverer.
Explore the world through your friends in Augmented Reality and let your social be your guide
Automated trash and recycling separator
Send out text notifications when you arrive at your destination.
Meteor Pulse - Heart Rate Tracker
Making "dumb phones" smarter through natural language question answering.
Where to work? FluxDuck analyzes company reputations in the news media to help find an employer worth working for.
CobaltHaze Anti-gravityFightingVehicle, combat VR game
Cognitive based Android app that teaches children (K-7), with low-incidence diagnoses, how to print their name 
A chrome plugin for editing and running stack overflow code snippets in the browser
An all-in-one app for Moroccan taxis.
It's about time Devpost gets its own little red number
Une application qui calcule l'empreinte de carbone de votre véhicule.
A collaborative music editing tool inspired by "Garage Band" and build with MeteorJS
CloviMed boosts diabetic patients' self-efficacy in managing diabetes, preventing complications and containing costs.
Air traffic anomaly detector
A Play Therapy for ADHD Kids to control their body and mind concentration: FlappyBird Edition
When learning programming languages, language should not be a barrier.
A keyless solution to prevent drunk driving
Making transactions tranquil
Artificial Intelligence that helps people to get know each other with adaptive tips during conversation
Identify at a glance were add-ons are adding workflow conditions, validators and post functions
PROS is a 3D virtural WiP reconfiguration and optimization simulator integrated with Efficiency Analyzer information.
Skill to access the voice mail system of Deutsche Telekom (Germany landline).
Kinetica is an IoT device that creates a cost effective channel of communication for motor neurone disease patients.
Automate dubbing of Khan Academy videos
Why pour your own drinks when you can have a robot do it for you?
Close GitHub issues and win prizes
U'll Never Get Lost.
Git knows better – @midu
Payment in a blink
Transaction signer: the secure place to store the private key that can sign transactions from any dApps (phone &amp; web)
Everybody needs access to a mentor, but normally is difficult to find one. Until now... Mentorik will match &amp; connect people to be able to learn and teach based on the knowledge they are interested on
Voice Operated Interactive Command Emulator: An easy-to-use voice command system
You need a cab !! find it instantly 
W.A.D.R. was developed to provide disadvantaged communities consistent access to essential resources.
A solution to all your public relief needs. Find nearby bathrooms and view ratings and reviews!
Create custom exportable charts right inside neo4j Desktop
Disrupting the personal data market by making your data earn money for you.
A better way to submit your hackathon projects on Devpost
The robot that translates your voice to physical sign language.
Simple home automation project which allows control over physical hardware devices. Light and Powerful. For age: 15+
Pixel Kanvas empowers creativity, exploration and collaboration with a simple grid
A VR representation of the New York Stock Exchange.
The simplest rescue beacon for the iPhone
Interactive Gaming 
SaveWatts Lets You Make Energy-Smart Decisions When Buying Appliances; Light on the Pocket,  Light on the Socket.
We want to save water in California and built a smart air conditioning system that produces water.
Stranded in the Expanse is a sci-fi game that encourages fitness. You earn energy credits in the game by exercising!
10 reasons why Devpost is awesome. Number 5 made me cry.
An innovational publishing platform for interactive ads and apps
An application to meet new people through a simple meal
Bringing the power of self-driving cars to the cloud.
Nextub is the context-aware mobile application that helps you uncover local cafes, bars,pubs and rewards your loyalty
Snap a photo of any food and receive health insights
Rap Battle Analysis Software
don't be a tourist, be local
Search the city for potholes, collect them on your map!
Co-op cyberpunk game, the Operator guides the Runner in the simulated mind of a host to get the data and get out.
Easily find what you are looking for in YouTube videos.
A web-based food market
Public speaking virtual trainer
VR simulation to help alleviate panic attacks
Locating a remote access point on the campus green
Cheap and Simple Indoor Localisation for Collaborative Robotics
Never miss a trash day! 
Cliffnotes for Anything
Use Alexa to get a beer from the robot. The bartender sees the command from Alexa and loads the robot.
Easily group and identify relationships to optimise your planning process.
Integrate editor capabilities to Excel. Write your formulas in a fully-fledged code editor instead of a single line!
Solar community for heroes
The numbers and letters puzzles game
An Amazon Alexa skill to learn all about Elements, like mass and symbols. Extremely helpful for high school students.
Using Fourier Series to automatically generate step-by-step drawing guides
Let's run together
Helping monitor the growing clown epidemic by tracking sightings in GM vehicles
Analyzing and Viewing Untoward Occurrences of Combined Drugs
WoundCare is an app that allows for patients to monitor whether or not they have an infectious wound in the comfort of their own home. 
 Polyvore meets Augmented Reality for styling your face. Make meaningful product connections with your customers!
We aim to bring native Twitch integration to Rimworld and other games via Twitch extensions, increasing viewer interaction and gamifying their experience.
Baby Safe is a babycare assistant that monitors your baby's health and prevents accidents
explore, fight, burn - retro dungeon crawler
Moving boundaries for a happier life
Native mobile application that allows homeless organizations the ability to collect and store homeless data
Online PVP "flood it" game clone with an option to play with AI.
Feel free to try our app with your own shop.
We developed an API to store recipes and its ingredients, and show the related nutrition info
A centralized mobile hackathon application for attendees and organizers.
Automated ticketing system for building maintenance professionals using sensor data to automatically create tickets
Meteor app lockstep.net - focus with fellow locksteppers
CharityCroudFunding and Projectmanagement App, keeping the donators up to date about the projectstates
LucidAct is the first task management and productivity tool for Healthcare Teams powered by process intelligence
Monitors Twitter feeds of presidential candidates and detects semantic anomalies
What can you learn from your local climate? Where else and when else in the US is very similar to your favorite day?
The world as we don't see it.
An elegant solution to modernize brick and mortar commerce using an augmented reality platform
We need to stop wasting energy by not turning off lights. So, we have a Roomba that will remind you if you don't.
Marketplace for refugees &amp; interpreters.
We are glad you are here.
We all have ways to save information but, recall sucks.  Add snippets of relevant content you found online in a click
Skip the line and save your time. Contributing lands you more than a dime
Come join us to see the world's most secure crypto bank
An augmented reality wearable with Google Cardboard and Vuforia
A more efficient ADHD diagnostic and treatment mechanism using VR
There are no stupid questions.
Our project tracks billiard balls and projects a picture highlighting the balls and their movements on a table.
A̶n̶i̶m̶a̶l̶ ̶H̶o̶m̶e̶.̶  A home for animals. 
Easily share collection of stories and ideas that matters to you and influences others
Crowd-sourced code generator for Sublime Text. Convert ideas into code!
"It's time to get your story straight!" — Calculated quality rating for user stories
TSOLife is a online platform that allows users to record a digital legacy to leave behind for future generations
A responsive, beautiful landing page for your NGO
 Tilt VR is a puzzle game where your hands are the controller, made for the Oculus Rift with LeapMotion in Unity.
Don't lose track of the night.
Prototype of atomic cross-chain (ETH/BTC/etc) assets transfers through general-purpose L2 network and middl. nodes.
Bringing the world more closer by making communications.Potayto-Potahto, Tomayto-Tomahto let's call the whole thing off!!
Programming so easy, a toddler could do it. Going back to the basics - literally building blocks - of code.
Build Indigenous languages on Your Land!
Generate the dankest memes, complete with images and text, with our machine-learned meme model
Imagine a satellite which enables anyone to avoid thinking in data transfer, energy and all of those nuisances
You don't have to know music to write it down~
Manage Type 1 diabetes through IoT technologies
We are reinventing the light interface. Now your hand is Deluminator!
Never lets an infected eye fly uncaught
Touch-discover Polygons, Vertices, Edges and more of Platonic Solids
Creating a secure, accessible, scalable system to expand the population of people with medical records. 
Super Creature Showdown for Echo &amp; Alexa is a game where super creatures battle, &amp; your math skills find the winner!
Connect students with tutors the moment they need help.
Go back to the golden age of n64 being the owner of everything!
Can you prevent the catastrophes at the airport?
A social tracking and recording fishing app for fishermen and officials
A web application that modernizes politics and makes it accessible to the new generation !
An IoT solution to complete home gun control that gives firearm-owners peace-of-mind.
A planning tool that helps reaching goals in a way of successive
Modern Community Management System
Confucius offers a revolutionary way for people to obtain information, giving users so much more than just news.
Let CloudSonar find an event you should watch
Ever wondered how an AI / Statically controlled bot works ? Here's how. 
Connecting skilled migrants with mentors from their communities to help them find relevant jobs
DevMinds seeks to improve Africa's apathetic workforce by matching people to careers suitable for their personalities
It is a UiPath bot manager framework aims to function as a workload manager for robots
Walk without Worry
Create interactive and customizable schedules for your stream.
Building a real time analytics platform for the masses
For things that you can't unsee
When you are on road, your loved ones are waiting for you at home
Securely save and share files through distributed secret sharing
tShirts taken to the nextTier(); 
connecting sponsors to child
iTrainer365 is educational chat-bot for studing Microsoft Office 365 
Jump and Solve is a simple runner game with Maths. 
Delivering the tools and data healthcare providers need across all care settings and into the home
Write 25 headlines / tweets / subject lines to find "the one." Inspired by Upworthy.
Work with Salesforce without leaving Cisco Spark
Commemorating one of the best hack day projects of all time
panopticon realtime twitter viewer.
A demonstration of vehicle to vehicle communication technology and active collision avoidance.
Let's be On Time in a fun way!
Thinq lets you access data from the web - but without the web.
A mobile app that utilizes live streaming technology to bring students high-class education in an effective manner
Help citizens evacuate in disaster by sending SMS including Evacuation Map + Help Desk Number for any mobile types 
Easily create custom charts &amp; reports across JIRA Service Desk projects and start sharing reports with Stakeholders
The ultimate public speaking virtual reality experience
machine learning
Stunning 1v1 combat, optimized for play on Gear VR.
What does that lunch really cost?
Elevating the hospital visit experience for staff, patients and families.
Find and rate nearby bathrooms and draw (virtual) graffiti
Sagetree is a curated health and wellness platform
Garbage sorting and tracking system using Neural Nets and Object Recognition
Nextgen hands-free computer access with 50+ input signals
Feel the power of Alexa with a symptom Diagnosis Engine that actually gives your medical condition based on symptoms
Amazon payments with DAI
An educational entertainment platform for kids and young people, built with html5 and web technologies
Create amazing sounding loops using Alexa
Mother of APIs
Hey, what's up! We found that a lot of designers they usually lack ideas and have little time to create a prototype, thus we use machine learning to quickly construct a prototype and save their time.
this System guides you to where you are looking for by following arrows in 3D world by using image recognition.
We want to build an internal system and work with IFS to mapp mozzie/human interaction on campus. 
ConnectOnCommute is solving the problem of loneliness and disconnection by facilitating interactions with strangers
A platform that provides information on shelters and food banks to those who do not have access to technology
DoppelGallery is a web app that finds your doppelgangers from historical paintings based on a picture of your face
Your Critical Business Brand Barometer: Streamlined Problem Identification and Classification
A simple beginner hack that utilizes a temperature sensor to upload data to the web
Free fall simulator
An Enhanced IoT Dashboard Device to Monitor Things That Are Important To You 
Add stunning video in word documents
A Folktale Told in a Virtual Puppet Theater
Bring your favorite restaurant to your kitchen
Intelligent bots powered by a knowledge graph built with HTMs
The dam at the River Styx is broken! It's up to Hades to save all the Dead by… ahm… guiding them to their destiny!
Webapp so drivers can navigate around floods
G O A L S is a wearable light that attaches to any piece of clothing the athlete desires
An underwater stealth game that takes inmersiveness in VR to a deeper level
Use color tracking to rotate 3D models in your browser
We used Mapquest API to create a zombie apocalypse game based on a general concept of the board game Risk.
Makes it easy to identify potential problems and  take decisions.
Lock and unlock your computer from anywhere with the touch of a finger.
Using IoT and Cloud data for Rescue 
Stay Safe, Live Better!!!
player versus music
Telescopic is a cross between a telescope simulator and a planetarium that aims to make learning the night sky fun!
A multiparticipant AR-VR painting experience in which the work is experienced differently from each point of view.
Alexa helps your kids enjoy their bedtime routine and go to bed smiling
Integrate StatusPage.io into JIRA Service Desk to get less support issues and improve your support quality
A simple Web application that used to find a study group/tutor close to an Individuals current location
Using this we can predict the fraudulent activities present in the industrial waste water management.
Behavioral Analysis of Recursive Functions!
Front Desk: the Meeting, Security, and Streamlined Productivity Solution
A to-do list inside your HipChat room.
Quick notes w/ HTML and Markdown
A captcha alternative, based on our most human qualities, emotion
Machining on the Cloud with StepNC Data and MTConnect Data
Embeddable hacker cards using the Unofficial Devpost API
Feed the Feed!
Reuse contextual responses to common issues in JIRA and JIRA Service Desk. Share responses within your team.
NEATVIBEwear is a personal real-time noise exposure monitoring and logging device
keeping score at every door
A quick, affordable method to print braille.
Scan My Coke Rewards codes with your smartphone.
Steamy Hot Chicken Nugget on vegetable action in 2D!
A platform for General Aviation safety
happy finding food
TaxiDaba (or Taxi now ! in english) is an Android application to match Passengers and Taxi Cabs in Morocco
Make cardio workouts more entertaining with virtual reality.
Pear - Personal teaching assistant for kids - Addicting and engaging fun Math practice questions.
A user oriented customizable route optimizer
Gather, organize and collaborate all related information in Office 365 as cards(Simplified Outlook BPM)
Give your team built-in access to customer CRM data where they need it, right in Microsoft Teams.
How to enter a hackathon submission on Devpost
Have you ever been starving after classes? Bob's Ramen can remotely pre-prepare ramen with a tap of a phone.
An Amazon Alexa Skill connected to a mobile app that personally itemizes and records community service opportunities.
Harness the power of data to feed the world
Weather Station to get optimize, stable, real time and true data.
Have you ever wondered whether your repository is feeling sad, angry or joyful?
not your mother's grocery cart (autonomous)
Everyone codes in their own language of love. Find your match with love.js
Crazy multi-timeline platform game.
Sending assistance when you fall
As a hackathon company, we create and collect A LOT of laptop stickers. We needed a bigger laptop.
Its an idea (an app and a website) to aid hapless lost patients get back to their loved ones in record time through technology.
A machine learning model to classify disease and healthy plants images.
Undercover lets you record videos in the background of Gear2
Loyalty program powered by Kin for Instagram brands and influencers to activate their communities and increase quality engagement.  
This app uses machine learning to help people find their missing kids.
Cryptographically Protected QR-Code Powered Token Airdrops
It's like Alexa, but in AR
Location based audio
Our project bridge the gap between science fiction and reality, bring anime characters to life. Users get to reenact their favourite scenes and justus from the anime Naruto with their anime figures!! 
HackGT's only freestyle rap bot that writes educational lyrics about any topic
Let's Draw Something New !
Kids easily send and receive SMS messages with Mom.   Through voice.   Without an additional cell plan.
A tinder for hobby joggers
Record daily life's achievements, happy moments and issues and set reminders for meditation.
Internet through FM Radio
Immersive visualizer designed to respond to all types of music and play tracks straight from the users library! #LL5
PickMe is a personal AI that helps you quickly find the best places around.
Menu system from SAO in the anime Sword Art Online
MyBestProfiler was made to trace your profile. Answer simple questions and will give you an overview of your profile.
Index Your History: Create a searchable archive that brings your family's handwritten records out of obscurity.
Get the best of your promotional inbox without checking your email
A bot which analyzes the tone of the chat messages
Seamlessly listen to music with someone else over the web.
An ecosystem allowing for super-efficient building maintenance and encouraging quick issue reporting.
Play (Game) , Control (IOT) and Query(MapQuest) with Alexa
A route generator for multi-team pub crawls with built-in conflict avoidance
InnovoxVR is a compelling interactive music/art experience inside virtual reality. 
Opening up smart devices to the visually impaired
Draw for safer dialing while driving
An iOS and Pebble app to help keep you on track
Our App Office Insights enables employees to schedule meeting rooms based on their availability using Voice Commands.
A simple plug&amp;play CRM for small companies that are using Office 365
Acoustic Simulation and Visualization - VR Architectural Design to understand acoustic influence on design
Let's Cook is a recipe finder Alexa Skill Which Provides Ingredient Specific Recipes Just Using Voice
students increase their zeal on reading and testing their abilities. 
Pulverizing addiction misconceptions, increasing the awareness of substance abuse, &amp; helping victims find treatment
I made this while tired and defeated.
Learn relevant conversational phrases in another language on the go!
This is a Mastermind Game implementation
WatchMe is an iOS application designed to keep you and your friends in safe on the go.
An interactive Chat bot to diagnose medical conditions 
A classic childern's toy reinvented in skill form.
Bringing iGlobe CRM to the user in Outlook
Beat your opponents or learn from them, both way you win.
Platform that displays live streaming videos of dangerous events made by citizens. 
Enhancing physical spaces with Augmented Reality technology to promote social inclusion and collaborative environment
Youtube on all nearby devices, IN SYNC
Lyfe provides a new way for users to find videos by showing how their friends reacted to the video in real time.
Hangr is an app to connect people with similar hobby, schedule and place to do activities like sports, travel and art
Tinder for food. Lonely, steamy beef looking for some hot buns? There is now an app for that.
Get motivated and have fun while working on Trello
A screen recorder for the terminal that enables easy sharing of a session via serverless and video 
Meteorthings - Make home automation easy.
A smart baby gate that alerts you when you accidently leave it open!
An Iotimated Air Pressure Monitoring Dashboard
A social application where you can post news or any message and will be viewed in the map by people that is close.
Sends a message to your slackbot whenever you're mentioned in github and trello.
Rails App for E.A.T School Lunch UX Challenge hosted by USDA
The ultimate gesture based music controller for Gear 2 !
An app that allows Sending and Sharing of Sms Text Messages and Media Files powered by Whispir.Io
A cool way to visualize your next flight
sentiment analysis + contextual assistance + computer vision + packed through youtube videos 
Helping users securely store and recover their wallet keys
An excuse to play with Illustrator
INSANELY INTUITIVE two-way marketplace for buying and selling of handicrafts &amp; goods. Artisan Awareness is the aim.
Applies adversarial patches and noise to reduce effectiveness of machine learning scrapers that invade data privacy.
Gamify Selfies with this fun game 
Vulcan Learning for Humans - An Exclusive Personal Learning Club
To help the visually impaired travel across the city safer and smarter. 
To improve travel experience, the solution contains themes, like Skiing or Going to the Beach, that bring to travelers only destinations suitable for their intended activities.
the goal of the game is to pat as many cats as you can while listening to soothing lofi hip hop beats
Chrome extension for travel planning with Airbnb comparisons to nearby hotels, ride sharing and car rental prices
It's a web extension that allows you to book flights from 6 most commonly used websites.
A collaborative mixed reality diagnostic tool for medical professionals.
Acessible Academic Assistance
CERT is a community based network of people who volunteer to respond to any emergencies within their proximity as fast as possible.
These procedures provide the option to do web scraping from Cypher. Sometimes you need to scrape tables, lists, texts from the web, or simply get the text content of an URL.Now you can do it in cypher
A computer vision app to perform OMR on handwritten sheet music 
We create socioeconomic justice by mining cryptocurrency &amp; providing people in need with a basic income
Custom Activity which would satisfy low budget client without UiPath Orchestrator and differentiate the generated log
The Pokémon Go + Geocaching on Ethereum with DIY authenticated BLE beacons for under $2 in parts.
The smart choice for work fast lovers
Because being energy conscious isn't just a first world problem.
Improve your coding skillsets by compiling your whiteboard anywhere, anytime
An entirely offline, self-propagating messaging platform that connects users in internet deserts.
Gamify collection of sound samples of dying indigenous languages
In order to help indigenous people during disaster situation and Indigenous version of FOSSASIA project
An initiative to raise awareness in KPK public and provide them with a platform to give voice to their rightful needs
Converts your favorite Spotify playlists to YouTube so you can watch music videos and share them with friends.
This is a Deep Learning enabled application which is able to read books to kids
Trustless peer-to-peer auction-based marketplace of non-refundable flight tickets
Voice powered journaling with realtime emotional analysis
A device that knows how you feel and keeps you emotionally healthy
Ask us a medical question, and our AI will help you find related questions and answers, and generate advice specifically tailored for your query.
The chatbot that automates your haircut reservation process
A world's first at ETHBerlin: Ethereum transactions signed with a government issued ID.
You've been captcha'd
News has become extremely polarized and people's media diets more narrow, so we created BiParse to expand people's perspectives.
Easily extend any HTML page for custom highlighting.
PolluWatch encourages Montrealers to be more conscious about the environment by showing them their real-time impact.
An augmented reality virtual pet for your Amazon Alexa device
Desktop Productivity on your iPad
Tired of testing workflows manually? Framework for running unit tests will help ease the development and save time.
Programmers should follow one simple principle: DRY (Don’t Repeat Yourself). Then why our Finance team should add invoices twice? #uipath #automation #saga #xero
We help you get emergency attention quicker! Through Call Assist, civilians can automatically send their information and current location to first-responders. 
The next-gen fitness app
A robot that can be programmed with intuitive gestures.
Search for challenges ends here
Discover online social circles that envolve into offline friendships using music.
Get as many rings as you can before you die!
A traditional LucasArts-and-Sierra–style Point and Click Adventure Game comes to life all around you!
Green screen meets infrared.
Happiness Made Easy!
Plants as team members.
Apply for jobs with Devpost
If we can improve medication adherence, we can decrease hospitalization, physician visits, and lower healthcare costs
An integrated software &amp; hardware platform that allows volunteers, fishers, researchers to report ghost fishing gear
Esusu, it is informal loan club, helping to save or have a short-term loan through the susu concept.
Tongue controlled technology for SCI independence
A landing page design for the vanHackathon's AxiomZen challenge
9 months in the making!
a retro game fps/puzzle hybrid
A set of BLE sensors that operate a magical minime house
The journey is it's own destination
A jsfiddle.net Google Chrome extension that navigates you through a series of application development tutorials
On stage or in the expo put your Devpost page to work!
Reducing Things EcoFriendly
Like music to your ears. Literally.
Reimplement the lost functionality of Outlook 2010.
Cloud-based CFD simulation app to calculate control valve characteristic curves.
A webapp that provides real-time presentation feedback;  
Find things to do near you in Montreal
Behind every happy family is a happy woman!
Beyond Patient Portal
Image recognition resistance finder
Have a break, have a GitKat. Have code from github automatically updated in your word document.
Open-source real-time transit information for the entire world
A game based around reaction speed and dodgy wifi and pizza.
Send smiles seamlessly
Notifications on your browser. Water you waiting for? Nothing, because Water waits for you. 
Screen for early-stage melanoma using your iPhone's camera
Small: A stealth &amp; exploration game in VR inspired by the borrowers, wind waker and metroid.
Incentivization of tasks to motivate community involvement and education
Manage your Planner tasks directly from any Outlook client
Go on a Funny Adventure to Australia and Explore wild Animals. Let's see if you survive............ 
Image changing your screens resolution but then you platform on the stretched mess. That's SCALIER.
Maze solving algorithm implemented in sed
Safer &amp; better mobility through verifiable, blockchain-enabled Driving Event Data Chains.
Shelfie will use cameras to count how much supply for each brand of drink is in a cooler.
The NomaD app is built to gamify airline experience for users by implementing a point system based on their travels
Friendly Ethereum - UI friendly protocol to sign transactions via messengers
Using Machine learning, you can teach your computer to identify everyday objects
Get alerts, info and messages more naturally
Using FASTA sequences to identify oncogenic mutations most likely to cause cancer.
Exploring the world of the Internet of Things through the Augmented Reality lens.
Gas profiling for Solidity smart contracts
An IoT solution to help farmers check soil nutrients and also sell produce.
Escape from the Zitec Headquarters!
Lab27 Bot is a chatbot designed to solve Vodafone's customer serrvice problem.
Allow blind people to stay aware of their surroundings
Alexa custom skill - Curates list of playlists depending on how the user's mood for that day is
A Messenger client here to help user's purchase great Wayfair goods. It's your new friend in your pocket :)
It brings conversation capabilities to UI Path robots and adds cognitive services to the DRUID chat bots.
#JustTagIt! Tag anything - emails, websites, documents, media - and we give you collaboration awesomeness!
Its the pictionary implementation you never knew you wanted!
Karaoke For All!
The scribe for savvy paleographers
We use voice recognition and text analysis, accessible through a webapp, to control a minion (robot)
Health Related diseases at one place
Space COPS Space COPS
The adventure simulation language
We provide a simple solution to taking your medicines on time with QR code so that we all can get better soon :)
VR version of intensive Flappy Bird 
 menU displays your favorite restaurant's menu specifically tailored to your needs and dietary preferences.
Probably the most beautiful weather app in the world.
Data-driven algorithm which helps companies prioritize bugs they need to fix.
An innovative system to prevent wasting water in almost any environment. Now with IoT functions
Binnacle helps job seekers find the right job in less time by leveraging internal data to create search strategies.
Enhance the interview selection process by including team feedback as soon as possible
An intuitive skill for the Amazon Alexa to allow users to post tweets to twitter or send text messages to any number.
A smart garbage can that sorts garbage and recycling 
It's LevioSound, not Leviosaa
A grep for images
Be your best self when writing emails.
A humanizing resource portal for portland's unsheltered population
We created a platform so you check links from your favorite newsletters without letting newsletters near your email
A fun counting game for all ages where players have to substitute "quack" for certain numbers
A smart drawer that auto unlocks using BLE from your smart phone!
The static code analysis tool you need for your HTML.
Rubber-band gun that shoots you if you look too happy
Pioneer lung cancer diagnosis tool. Upload CT scans &amp; get accurate cancer nodules diagnosis within minutes.
Smart parking solution with emphasis on social interactions
Find the perfect outfit and create the style that represents you the best with just a few friendly questions.
Friendly chatbot that helps you and your friends find a concert to go together based on your collective music tastes!
Displays Trello lists and cards in a tree view for easier visualization.
An automatic bike transmission system.
A Heart-Pounding Adventure that brings many to tears with it's modern solutions to life and it's challenges 
What if your tea cup was just as smart as you? Constantly measuring and improving your tea drinking experience?
Drive Your Growth - Instant delivery for businesses
A fully managed, cloud based, server-less, and smart irrigation system
Repair exchange server
Chess played in VR in various relaxing environments. The experience is meant to help release stress in your free time
Data Visualization Components for Ebola Cases in the World, Employee PayRolls and US/Euro-Exchange Rate over Time.
Android app that lets the user take a picture of food and lets the user know the nutritional values
the concientious citizen
All your things on the cloud
The world's first Kanye West RESTful API
Preview how your email subject lines &amp; preheaders will look in Gmail on Android
The beautiful re-plastering of a mathematical concept into a fast paced 2d platformer. A true test of co-ordination.
Rates different routes from a source to destination  on a safety scale of 1 to 5 
Do you struggle to choose a good movie? Can't you find the right movie for tonight? We have the solution: Muvie!
Complete ChallengePost redesign. Just For Fun™.
Android app for college students to help them discuss with their fellow students and share resources like books etc.
KashBot makes it easy to send Bitcoin to anyone over Facebook messenger
A web app that eases the process of networking between students and recruiters through facial recognition software.
Yelp! for schools
Download the Internet and share it with friends — without the Internet
Have over 9000 browser tabs? Click to collapse into just ONE!
ReaXn enables women to react to dangerous situations in one-step via mobile devices.
Load that special email as a hologram - anywhere you are - or transporting you to anywhere you want to be. 
Automating the creation of a Cegeka CV, preventing you wasting hours upon hours on making it manually.
It's first of it's kind WRC Trading Platform which won't only define WRCs but also have the option to list or buy.
Enabling communities to create accountability for the cities of the future
A full-stack web application to improve land productivity for farmers
An affordable analytics system to encourage lower water usage by making water tracking fun and accessible!
Instant translations of Documents and conversations in Real-time
Building gardening communities through plant, information and space share to improve environment and emotional health
OneGraph enables organizations to respond to security alerts with speed and intelligence using the Microsoft Graph
A voice recording bot for the popular VoIP chat program, Discord!
The companion on your journey to happiness
Data-driven marijuana testing for safer driving and working environments
A light hearted 3D VR catapult game where Chib-Chibi flings herself at her nemesis Mega-Chibi
Choose your heirs before you die. Earn interest while you're alive 
With bits the viewers are able to send actions to the game to either help or destroy for the broadcaster.
Traffic pattern vis in Tucson, AZ
What do you do with all the empty aluminum cans you acquire over the span of a Hackathon? Make electronic drums!
An SMS gateway for IRC
Your development environment in the cloud.
Mapping ideas and crowdsourcing feedback in real-time
Electron-based note-taking app, with Wolfram search
AutiBot is a health hack capable of analyzing brain activity to detect young children's risk for developing autism.
Environmental storytelling with a noir aesthetic, join Det. Sunderland on a case that is anything but open and shut
An action/adventure 3d platformer with combat and puzzles
5 characters, 4 ghosts, 3 rooms to choose from. Sleep No More meets Sixth Sense in VR
Saving smiley moments for rainy days when you need them the most. Save, Share &amp; Shake your Happiness. 
Team turtle-ninjas has developed the future of e-commerce
Wagons k rastay
App built with Meteor and React to store useful and reusable meteor snippets to make dev faster
Best Photo Viewer in Windows Store that supports both touch and mouse
Sync contacts and send text messages directly from your Amazon Echo
Computer chess without the computer
Mobile and Web application.
Bionic hand system that replicates human hand movements in real time
Switter - A wealth of knowledge! Helping ordinary people make smarter investments
food banks/shelters collect cash vs food donations / use savings from bulk buying to fund donation pickups for goods
Coding game for girls - Team 6
Leverage all the major javascript events without ever leaving your CSS. 
Avoid ATM Fees with Peer-to-Peer Cash
User can easily control the car by using my WearCar APP in the Gear.
We are building the best mobile medical grade image capture, archiving and sharing solution for healthcare. 
manage  urgent status information that is sent to a company from Colleague.
InstantCall is Call System for shelters.
Coffee machine controlled by the cloud with a mobile device
Never miss a bus again!  TimeCheck tells bus drivers to wait for you!
Discover, measure, create, and order stunning frame collages for your space using your smartphone's camera.
It's time parking lots caught up with the 21st Century
Pick your best photos, keep your camera roll clean.
the discreet way to get away
A theremin for the future!
An app for hackathons
Create electronic music, alone or with randomly selected people from all over the world!
Stroll in the sky, no sicking!
Helmet mounted Bicycle turn signals controlled by arm signals and the Myo 
The avid hackathon-er's best friend!
EmPowered A tool for Disabled Citizens To Control Their Employment Search
Connecting families of children with cancer with volunteers who can help with their daily challenges
Authentic street performances
A distributed voting application that uses a blockchain to prevent election tampering and voter suppression.
Turn photos into calendar events
Learning can be fun! Chemistry can be fun! Playing games is fun....combine all of this and you get MoleculeMash!
An end to end video translation platform built using Amazon Artificial Intelligence Services
We are creating a new way for broadcasters to deliver multiple languages cast on their channels.
An improved API for creating multiple plots with matplotlib, in an already organized fashion.
Do you feel unsafe when you are home alone? Would you like to immediately send suspicious activity to the police?
Browse to find that "just right" product by incrementally changing attributes such as height, width, roundness, etc.
Connecting patients and doctors for a smoother and simpler mental healthcare experience
Augmented reality mobile application for indoor navigation to improve the independence of students with disabilities.
DJ Trump
TravelSafe is an app that has been built for the community of Indore and its people to provide them with safety tools
Program using emojis.
A smart journey app to find train, bus, ride shares cheaper and faster, provide driver ratings and earn rewards
Connect with people by lending, borrowing or trading items you don't need anymore.
A PowerPoint Meeting Client for the HoloLens with a virtual shared presentation screen
Don't underestimate the power of BLOW
The BEST way to plan a product roadmap and keep stakeholders in the loop
 Swipe the people into the train as the train scrolls up and  the animals on the on the opposite direction. 
Lightweight local webapp that manages and maintains schedules on crops
Personal search engine that allows the user to store and retrieve information more conveniently.
High-quality ambient sound loops on Amazon Alexa to help you fall asleep faster, sleep better, relax, and focus.
A cognitive voicemail assistant. 
View and control automated build plans from Bamboo Server without leaving HipChat
New way to learn languages with VR  (3d, audio, voice, text and touch). Specially for VR.
#2% Helping an NGO to help others. Your 5 minutes will save the planet
Zitec office map. Fast way to find your co-workers.
Never worry about over or under-watering your plants! The Forget Me Not plant watering system is here to help.
We created a behaviour for Pepper that allow him to recognize some human's actions and repeat them.
An exciting chase or be chased game.
My Code helps students to kick start learning programming and algorithmic thinking. It's simple and easy to use.
You get secretary for making time and enjoying life
Shows code quality metrics of SonarQube in a Bitbucket repository and creates pull request comments for found issues
Office 365 / Azure AD Authentication &amp; Identity Management for Atlassian applications (e.g. Jira, Confluence, Bamboo)
Publishing events using Apache Kafka, processing them using spark streaming and storing results in cassandra or ...
An Arduino Mega-based table features a matrix of 196 LEDs that shine up through sections of diffused acrylic.
Real-time captions for Livestreams for hearing-impaired and non-native audience
Estimate the amount of work your team requires to complete it's sprint - right in the board !!!
A data driven platform to enable rapid development of HajjTech apps. The core for future pilgrimage or event apps.
SemQuery is a search engine intended for querying codebases.
Smart Buoy for marine preservation and ocean monitoring
Twist to call - Flick to send location - Quick save in case of emergency
Dream Volunteer allows to choose at random a person from any Office 365 Group within your organization.
A virtual perspective on Google Cardboard for drone enthusiasts and drone racing
This skill provides an interactive holistic skill featuring health info,medical profile &amp; medical record analysis
The Magic Board allows Boosted Board users to replace their wonky old controller with a sleek new Myo Armband!
Making medical information accessible to those without internet access using a SMS-based service.
Blockchain applications have to be easy to use and provide the best UX/UI like we do in Multy =)
Prescriptions made easy, for when life isn't
Activities to :Send emails from shared mailboxes, add dynamically attachments and chase emails from MS Outlook
Your college companion (saathi) which contains all basic amenities like timetable in one place.
Track your ERC20 token funds distributed across smart contracts on the Ethereum Mainnet
Crowdsourced shipping
Store your Microsoft OneDrive files on real objects
Our way to engage millennial with the Karen language and stay true to the roots  
Your laptop stickers are evaluated with OpenCV. You are given a 'hacker score', so you can compare with others.
Providing a clean and safe internet environment for individual users and corporate workspaces
Build a relationship; see the product, live the brand.
Build consensus quickly with live video chat inside the Confluence editor
What if the Big Bad Wolf didn’t eat Grandma? Find out for yourself. Choose your own adventures are back!
ClovAR is the Pokémon Go for plants. The platform encourages little ones to go out into their local communities, explore and learn about the biodiversity around.
Navigate through a fully-animated virtual marketplace using only your bare hands.
Learn coding fundamentals in 3D or VR
Bundle TokenSets (incl DAI) for ETH in a single transaction using Kyber Network
Because everybody can learn to code, we provide a tool to reach it no matter where you are
Our app aims to help people recognize and recycle trash in an informative way with image capturing and cloud image recognition. 
 Mobile platform providing information and low barrier communication between refugees and aid organisations
An inexpensive flood detector for 3rd world countries
Empower children to use deep learning in their projects in a graphical and friendly way. Inspire children in programming. Teach basic concepts of DL training and inferencing interactively
A bot which helps you manage your family's mobile recharges, bill payments, etc..
WA Reader is a platform to read WhatsApp conversations from email text backups in a easy-to-read UI.
A rewarding social app that supports recovering addicts, alcoholics, mental illness and more. Sharing stories, achievements, troubles, etc. and getting support from others is key to recovery. Add Kin!
Hacker Glove ft. Interactive penguin environment OS
Simplificarea gestiunii ZON-ilor, prin conversia lor intr-un virtual currency bazat pe blockchain si smart contracts.
Reading your thoughts is now a reality. 
A travel web application that helps you find a spontaneous getaway!
SMS-based diabetes management
Epic and wonderful interactive journey to abandoned planets in the galaxys far far away. 
Ollie Williams Tells You The Weather - Using @mailjet, @weatherunderground, @crunchbaseapi
you can't stay away from your phone and stay focused on your work ? Whenever you want to concentrate, plant a tree
Use the most secure password to fortify your online accounts : your voice
Assisting the visually impaired through a robotic companion (like a guide dog)
BroadbandTV Meal Nutrition API challenge
Physics-based dogs learn how to run using a genetic algorithm!
Providing a sustainable and organized web-based solution for OCCC family and friend visitations
Sign2Line is a sign language translator that uses the Leap Motion.
Change your Native Android App in real time,  easy-to-use Web platform to make changes!
LeapMed was created to solve the problem of inconvenient physical therapy in a fun and innovative way!
Americans waste $37 billion every year on unused mobile data - stop the madness and get your money back with WeeFee.
App for playing the popular TV Quiz 'De slimste mens ter wereld', to be written using React
Mastermind API
Did you ever had the chance to experience all of the news happening in the whole world in a single page? News in Maps
Wireless amp system using mobile phones and WebRTC
Roll Together is a platform for crowdfunding new metro routes based on the trips people take in their car every day.
Your friendly cloud bot Nimbus allows to interact with different cloud providers. Currently supports: AWS,GCE,DO,SL
Think simple ™.
Blockchain based Egalitarian Routing and Financing of taxi shared taxi-cab rides
Real Time Text to Braille Translator 
Talking to yourself has never been this much fun.
Use state-of-the-art machine learning architectures to stylize any image using another painters work as inspiration.
Transient chatrooms generated by what's trending on Twitter
Updateor automatically notifies you when your Meteor projects' dependencies need updating
Get your friends and have a blast with Trorenad! Combine the real and digital worlds and enjoy the code cracking fun!
Enterprise Level PRI Capacity Monitoring and Automated DR Call Routing
Right info, Right time, Right place thanks to interactive smart stickers
Wearable triggers give a voice to people who have limited mobility or difficulty speaking
Quick chat up lines, and a quick get away!
An up to 5-dimensional version of the classic game
Don't waste time for exchanging contacts, just shake hands and automatically connect.
An Education app for kids using hand written recognition 
Live SMS Chat + Automated SMS with deep Infusionsoft integration on the web and iOS
Your Wearable Personal Trainer 
The VR Social Destination! Meet new people, connect with friends, talk face-to-face, customize your avatar with IMVU!
A picture dictionary enabling refugees to communiate and learn English no matter their literacy level or language. 
Use your desk as your computer: individual pieces of paper are windows!
Build your own world in VR using voxel cubes.
FairShare allows you to scan your receipt, indicate your split options and PayLah! the amount you owe. 
BlockChain technology to prevent modern slavery
Interested in how K-Pop idols go through survival shows to finally debut? Play our game and find out!
Save time while you look after your pet buddy!
If you can dream it, you can wear it. 
No more fighting! Take your rivals to Kids Court and watch them get what they deserve. 
Automating security audits: learn how easy it is to #beSecure with ZSec or regret it later!
Easy and fun way to split the check with your friends!
An online election platform that would enable citizens vote at elections anywhere in the world
An end-to-end gasless onboarding experience in Ethereum powered by meta-transactions.
Never Forget your Meds.
Emotion Powered, Cat Generated Music
Facial gesture enabled web control using computer vision
Conspiracies can't melt steel beams! 
Crowdsourced missions from viewers to streamers, and streamers receive rewards upon successful completion
Local Experts Spreading Culture Throughout The World
Jackpot brings happiness
Autopiloted indoor transport system for large and complex buildings
If your life was a movie, which would be the soundtrack of it? Use Tune My life to discover it!
The Chrome Extension for Real News
Empty your inbox faster
Empowering patient communities to connect their audience to research studies
The In-Flight Manager helps the astronauts stay organized and on track.
See your HTM run.
Learn about health, science, physics, and much more with this collaborative augmented reality app!
Finding food made easy!
A fun, arcade game that emphasizes fast-paced, mental arithmetic.
Run to save the city
Workflow management tool for the operating room that enhances communication, awareness, &amp; efficiency and reduces cost
An anonymous forum with resources that allow those who have experienced harassment to find and give support
Leave Your Message, Lead Your Life
Just check it out.
Show your Devpost pride all over the web
Do you like Tinder? Do you like proof reading? Finally you can combine the two!
FedEx Tracking the easy way directly from Outlook
Through my solution developers can build VR websites through Dataflow technology with the ReactVR framework.
exploring the weird intricacies of the New York Times Wedding announcements
After a rocky start to my very first hackathon, team less and inexperienced - I give you 'THE SUBMISSION'
Predict the viability of organ transplants using deep learning
Mobile Payment Concept for Cardless Transactions at Train and Bus Stations
Voice-enabled Pocket Client. No computers, no phones.
Smart Notetaking
Seizure Prevention Software
BirdBot is an alexa skill and lex chatbot that can answer basic birding questions.
Turns a bare single image only tab into a fully functional image editor.
A tutoring and mentorship platform for Rutgers Students developed at HACKRU 2016!
System for tracking statuses of cargos in a big supply chain for all participants securely and interactively
How well do you know our Republican Party nominee? Test your knowledge through Trump or False.
Making science undeletable with decentralized distribution of peer reviewed studies
An indoor plant that can be monitored and controlled via the Ethereum blockchain
A documentary experience where you discover and understand the Korean D.M.Z through the memory of a former soldier.
Draw a picture with markers, we will turn it into music. Each color is a different instrument.
VR science playground for classrooms
Integrated task management / email to task for Office 365 Planner, SharePoint Online and Outlook Tasks 
A game about solving puzzles and escaping the room in which Hack Cambridge took place
A smart, bluetooth enabled, pill dispenser for prescription management
Have pokemon battles in Virtual Reality!
Helping you invest.
Create and explore virtual art in local parks.
Rice Package Delivery Killer App
An Android Application for visually impaired people to access medical prescription 
Alexa Skill that allows users to query HyVee grocery prices and other information from the store.
An efficient and secure way for modern businesses to pay invoices
An Custom Activity used to display the structure of folder and lists the files and counts of file type.
How about a portable Jukebox with a lightshow built into a computer bag? Tweet the song you want played next!
The First Decentralized Meme Market
Never miss another campus food event again.
A smart band designed for Hajj pilgrims
An App that helps users navigate and explore points of interest using AR
Flood prevention IoT-System
An IOS app providing a variety of tools to help those battling with different mental illnesses
Redefining user log in. From Usernames and Passwords to Users with Password. 
Tired of advertisement while you are watching online videos? Just solve a quiz right to skip the advertisement.
SVG Animation Editor
Peer-to-peer reporting on parking lot availability
Discover the gnuest [noo'-est] cafe in the area!
React to videos in real time with the world
Ever wonder how to actively monitor the cyber security of multple customers 24/7? Check our Cloud SOC as a Service
Create a personal Time Machine in Social XR
A personal following cargo robot for all of your personal following cargo robot needs.
Convert "r"s to "R"s
Helps reduce online bullying by asking senders to reconsider their hateful/intimidating messages.
Choose movie to watch using hilarious search filters (e.g. number of gunshots)
New way to transfer data to blockchain 
Dinorun Controlled by Applause.
Send Gamified Messages to Your Friends!
Augmented Reality Circuit Visualizer and Solver
See, Build and SHARE 3D AR dioramas on your Echo Show!
A chatbot that change how reminder app work.
An app that strives to eliminate the use and waste of paper by pushing receipts Paperless to your smartphone app.
Which of your choice would lead to large amount of carbon emission 
Share your WiFi to earn cryptocurrency
Ready-to-use Plug &amp; Play BOT for Email Automation which can be published under the umbrella called as BOT FACTORY.
Ready-to-use Plug &amp; Play BOT for Email Automation which can be published under the umbrella called as BOT FACTORY.
Font retrieval, generation, and manipulation
IBM Watson Discovery Service UiPath Connector
Securely create and sign a founders and SAFE agreement online
 Inspiring meaningful engagement of students into a competence based curriculum !
Play your favorite games to find locked treasures &amp; loot-boxes that contains Kin loot, barter with other gamers on kin-based marketplace to get keys combinations to open treasure.
SeeThru is a blockchain-enabled platform that prioritizes price transparency to change the ecosystem of healthcare.
Coding tutorials with a built in code editor for you to follow along!
Smart Living 
Watch the best movies in the public domain
bigger, crazier, electronic version of an old childhood game
Load beautiful photos by voice command
BlockParty gives your viewers the power to add to the fun in your world and everyone in it, from right inside your stream!
Multiplayer VR for experiencing movies.
Web app to ease bill splitting during group outings
Reflecting UV light off of aluminum-coated propellers of an autonomous drone can inactivate deadly viruses.
ელექტრონული გადახდის საშუალება ლიფტში
Turning public bathrooms into panic rooms and life lines -aiming to free victims of human trafficking  
Collaborative Goal Setting App for Refugees and Case Workers
Displaying cards for easily learning vocablulary, languages and other stuffs
Cute Crusher is an adorably fun little game where you have to save your well from nasty little critters.
Miniature 3rd person platformer where you solve puzzles, and repair broken machinery to keep Cityscape running.
Talk to characters with your voice.
Snapchat for locations
Helping businesses excel during an IT crisis through mobile applications. 
Together we are stronger - an app for young people with life-long or life-limiting illnesses 
an adorable, 'magical girl' themed shooter-platformer for desktop. 
A multitouch-focused sci-fi fusion of soccer and pool
An exoskeleton leg for people who need it most.
A personal chat assistant that never fails you in a conversation
A messaging app for centralized narrative communication in a dyanamic healthcare environment.
share our routes is about the spirt of collaboration
Gain intelligent insights from YouTube videos
Ingage allows employees to participate in challenges at their own pace and sync with their favorite devices.
Increase employee productivity, health and happiness through better sleep. Measure, motivate, track, regulate.
A mobile application that transcribes speech into text. AVA, let's you see in realtime 'who' says 'what' around you! 
Learn how to code. In English.
When you are far far away from home, you miss your mum nagging reminders at you...that's when you look for TaMaDeBot!
Collaborative economy application that enables the distribution of idle resources between neighbors.
OutfitMe helps people, tired of exhausting online shopping, find quickly excellent outfit by just uploading a picture
A device to help correct the foot drop gait in affected people
Every want to get away from Trump? Space not an option? Fly to the furthest point away!
Off grid web server
Accelerating sales at rocket speeds...
a mobile app that reads your email out loud, with low distraction UX
Connect Confluence Cloud to Salesforce to quickly extract the information that matters to a wider audience
An Oculus Rift full of zombies, all on a treadmill.
Combine the power of Twitter Lead Gen Cards with the awesome marketing power of Infusionsoft.
Intelligent audio level control based on the noise level of your surroundings. Enhance your listening.
Making Healthcare administration amazingly simple
Hard drive failure prediction using SMART data set
It's an Apple Watch app that you compete against for fitness goals.May Fortuna reward you with good health ! 
CoWork24 brings busy people together at a casual self-created coworking space anywhere on demand
Call me on your payphone, late night when you need a home
Query + Curious – A Short Message Information Service
Learn how to solve a CSI murder case with Labster’s million dollar virtual laboratories and Gear VR - for free!
Angelina Risi and Rachel Qiao Han
Get your power back
Crowdsourcing emergency response to save lives when 911 cannot get there fast enough, over Pebble, iOS, and Web.
Bringing UPM's transport visualization to the next level - to increase customer loyalty!
Use machine learning to predict California's Fires!
Quickly and Accurately Navigate through Audio Using Google's Powerful APIs.
«Very Important Contact Cards» to prioritise your communications
Everyday to learn new things about Astronomy. 
Create content collaboratively with Confluence, and publish directly to WordPress.com to deliver your ideal website
SmartR offers a convenient solution to determine where waste belongs.
Share WiFi Credentials with your guests via Alexa by showing a QR Code on Echo Show or dictating it by an Echo (dot).
An app that increases pedestrian safety in downtown Boston
A platform that offers a fair framework for decision making process by empowering individuals 
It’s a race against time in the Word Slice Bakery - Sharpen your vocab with this sweet daily word game!
In need of a skill and willing to learn? Let us connect you with an instructor that have the skill you desire.
Compare the level of your particular traits, obtained from personality tests, friends assessments and genes
Crowd-Sourced location sharing platform to provide accurate public transport location data to users
Charity brought to the next level
Ultra Fast and Low Cost Personalized DNA Analysis and Diagnostics with a Spark
As a customer I want Wayfair to accept cryptocurrency so I can spend my bitcoin on furniture and homegoods!
Easy editor for modern listview Column Formatting
Start from "Hello World!", girls learn programming through Stack Overflow postings and participating in AthenaHacks!
Energetic VR Rhythm Game
Nocturnal epilepsy tracker and prevention software
Everyone has a story to tell. Learn your student's and continue writing it for them. 
A digital clock calibrated to Mars time and a web calendar
A chrome extension that blocks your ex-boyfriend/girlfriend photos
 Help me get to safety
A platform for users to monitor their emotions, read articles related to mental health and connect with therapists.
First aid diagnosis and advice for the developing world via SMS
Conquer Mars for your faction in a game combining chess and risk style gameplay.
A digital space for real time collaboration for visualizing ideas, art, and strategies for life or for fun. 
A text editor for web developers
Using Deep Learning to perform Style Transfer of Famous Album Covers
Artistic journey of the inwards experience of mental health issues, aiming to raise awareness and understanding.
Eye catching visualization spreading awareness to the public on efforts and projects preventing torture.
Experience a club like never before in a VIrtual Space party
Decentralized crowdsourced-capable 3d modelling and labeling with a personal drone, for VR touring and mapping.
Web Design with Voice
Dance Dance Revolution but in VR!
An art game about a man traversing his dreams.
70+ years of Marvel Comics, rendered as 3D books that are fully controllable by your hands using the Myo Armband.
FLAPPY BIENE
Turn Any Image into Visual QR Code!
Non-invasive blood pressure and heart rate monitoring
LOLA--Laugh Out Loud Aid: Laugh while learning goals every day
Give Hope is a charity that empowers disadvantaged individuals with widely available technology
Localized maps as social network allow you to create topographies with pinned locations special to your community.
Create fire as primitive man.
Discover Venice in bite-sized travel adventures.
Adds checklists templates for cards and launches actions when items are checked (move, archive, add labels to cards)
Boost your Jira with the power of tables
Let your design team attach assets to JIRA issues directly from Photoshop, InDesign, and Illustrator.
A Swiss army knife for your phone!
Command line interface for Tinder, written in Go
An amazing fun filled app to motivate kids to be active, eat healthy, get fit and share with friends.
Quickly add files to your Sharepoint Document Libraries from your phone
shareMD created simple RESTful APIs to automate transparency and patient centric control for healthcare industry
Makes it easy for students and young professionals to decide which jobs/co ops are better for them
Let guests tweet songs to add to the party playlist and tweet to vote, the one with the most votes plays next!
Glasses that wake you up when you drift off to sleep.
A webapp answering the needs of couples sharing their love across long distance
Presentations as dynamic as you are a speaker. StreamPoint: the world's first on-the-fly presentation.
Transmits data with audio
pass through like comet goes
Website, where you can watch movies with your friends in real-time.
გაეცი ცოდნა , მიიღე ცოდნა
Wells is a smart bottle cap that tracks your water intake, boosting your well-being one drop at a time.
Simple, extendable, scalable monitoring solution
Cultivate the future, start from the sea
Have a Matti buddy that helps you invest instead of misuse
Set Protocols First Relayer
Find the cheapest generic drugs available that were prescribed to you. Same quality at a low-level price.
Turn your old-unused cheap smartphones to A.I. powered smart home surveillance system
Call bullshit on clickbait.
A single pane view of a individual users' security posture for Service Desk Operators and Cyber Security Officers
Your medical diagnostics assistant.
Platform for developers to volunteer for non-profit organizations
A bridge connect the community and technology
Modular educational Augmented Reality tiles tied to a smartphone app to bring engaging activities to the classroom.
Cari aktivitas yang bisa dilakukan di Banyuwangi dengan Jelajah Banyu!
Privacy on Ethereum - Secret recipients and hidden value transaction using zkSnarks 
Vue.js application for accepting Bitcoin Lightning payments, using the OpenNode API, and notifying the iozeta CryptoVend.
"Ok gamers, right or left?"
Join the club to poke Trump and maybe throw some PokeBalls
A food delivery service that takes on a conversational interface
Control your browser with your Alexa device.
Racoon - will help people to sort their garbage in new way.
Use AI to never send a cold email again. 
An end-to end solution for easily measuring &amp; tracking fish!
Earn Compound interest with your rDai collateral, while providing liquidity for hedges against variable Compound interest. Get high on interest! 
Dogs make your day. Doggify makes dogs.
Bạo lực học đường
How much can one person's tweets tip the scales? Try your hand at manipulating the market.
"YourPacifier" is a smart pacifier to support your children and you.
Automatic DeepFake detection: protecting democracy from the next wave of misinformation. Uses machine learning to detect whether videos are authentic or deepfakes.
decentralized merkle-proven identity-attested non-fungible immutable interplanetary digital documents on blockchain
Voice controlled (via Amazon Echo) IoT Raspberry Pi hub that enables communication with non-IoT devices.
Should I take these classes together? With this Python program, they can figure it out themselves!
VSCode extension for LC3 ( An assembly learning tool) with syntax highlights, snippets and keyboard shortcuts.
A revolutionary gateway enabling developers to build &amp; deliver DeFi applications faster. DEFI (Defi Algorithmic Trading API)
Memes bring people together. That's a fact. Finding people of culture with similar taste in memes is hard. That's a fact too. We make it easy!
პირველი ქართული პროგრამირების ენა
Visual CAPTCHA that classifies products on the way
Crowd-sourcing delivery system so anyone can request anything, anywhere.
Like Schedulizer but smarter.
A mobile app that turns your cellphone into a microcontroller and IDE
The fun way to get children outside, active and educated.
Algorithmically generated musical literature using neural networks
Travel inside the human body to get a new perspective of the systems that keep us alive!
Experience a dark, horrifying fairy tale in this double-immersive VR game from outside and inside a mysterious book.
Solve puzzles in an ancient underwater world using intuitive and comfortable VR mechanics
Virtual reality meets Diablo and Zelda.
Discovering social networks in VR
Walk through an intimate data portrait of yourself.
Making the most out of fast food.
Paint42 is a VR application to create and experience amazing 3D worlds with beautiful colours and materials.
Showcasing diversity within your organization
Leave your laptop unattended, worry free
Building effective working relationships
Search inline images in Outlook
Using wearable to monitor elder and Pepper robot for confirmation and assistance of the elder. 
A Harry Potter-inspired clock that tracks the location of your family members via an app and updates a physical clock
Using midi file format to improvise music from lead sheets.
'Rocket Builders' brings back part of that childhood pleasure in an engaging VR experience
How do we help asylum seekers and refugees own their own data?
Voice-activated smart cooking fun with our dear friend Alexa!
Facial recognition metrics to rank a driver's awareness and inspire safe driving habits. 
We believe that Life is Worth Recording - So we built JRNL to help you capture, store, organize and reflect on yours.
Summarizes flooded and nasty group chats into topics with clean bullet points of key events.
Continuously monitor and complain to Metro Airports Commission about elevated aircraft noise in your neighborhood.
Time is running out. Help junior put the sheep back in their cage!
